---
layout: post
title: "Week 214"
date: 2023-04-24 12:31:00 +0100
---

- Some work. Found and fixed one bug that had resulted from past me thinking _past_ past me was a stupid loser and wantonly deleting whole bits of his work, even though he'd actually known what he was doing. Now I'm the most enlightened me so far, I've even left a comment for future me.

  Some media coverage from the estimable [Dublin Live](https://www.dublinlive.ie/news/viral-website-shows-live-tracking-26730062) and others. That was nice.

  There's a new bus [route](https://bustimes.org/services/35-hellesdon-carrow-park "is this doxing myself?") a stone's throw from here, of little use to me except for setting my clock by the hourly distant rumble of engine. It's interesting that none of Google Maps, Traveline or the any of the other apps know about it yet – a better man would make a fuss and get it fixed, but I'm professionally curious to see how long it takes for the data to percolate without my intervention.  I'm embarrassed about the low resolution of my laser printer, but I stuck a printed timetable in the downstairs lobby, doing my bit.

- 📺 <cite>Beef</cite>, which isn't a spin-off about the character Matt Berry played in <cite>[Vic and Bob’s] House of Fools</cite>. Too long but rewarded persistence.

  I was going to mention how, partway through, a characters’s white Mercedes-Benz GLC silently turns into a white G-Class, and fair enough it’s only ten hours long so they didn’t have time for a bit where this is explained, it's explicable anyway, helps show the passage of time and stuff.

  There’s a bit where the characters receive an _emergency alert_ on their mobile phones, reminded me of the first time I saw a _garbage disposal unit_ on TV (I've still never met one in real life, they're much more common in American kitchen sinks than here). Anyway, *someone* must have been watching that moment at exactly 14:59 on Sunday, which I hope was nice/spooky for them.

- I think <cite>Missing</cite> (2023) (currently showing in cinemas, but I used VLC Media Player on the sofa for a change) contains one typographic anachronism, but I don't want to be the sort of person who points out that sort of thing.
