---
layout: post
title: "Week 204: bumbling fool"
date: 2023-02-13 02:06:00 +0000
---

- Some work.

  Wondered about going to Skegness, and noticed that my presentation of [the outbound 57 (Skegness - Boston - Spalding) timetable](https://bustimes.org/services/57-interconnect-boston-skegness) leaves a lot to be desired. For familiar Kafkaesque reasons, it's "split" at Boston, and the problem for me is it arrives at bay 4 and departs from bay 7. (Going in the other direction, it both arrives at and departs from bay 4, which the computer understands beautifully.) Perhaps the promise of a rewarding trip to Skeg is the conceit I need as motivation to work on handling that sort of situation better. (Not a very exciting reward, but it's not a gruelling problem to fix either.)

  Google Maps's journey planner is much worse, by the way, insists on a longer two-legged journey, thinks the 57 is a different bus that could leave before the 57 has arrived.
  Traveline's one manages it perfectly, I'd have liked another thing to complain about but no, well done to Traveline.

- Started using the computer to spice up the experience of playing Wordle for a change:

  ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜  
  `cat /usr/share/dict/web2 | grep -x '^[^cramp]\{5\}$'`  
  ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜  
  `cat /usr/share/dict/web2 | grep -x '^[^crampjoist]\{5\}$'`  
  etc.

  Not really learning anything I didn't already know about regular expressions, but learning something: I'd barely used `grep`'s `-x` option before, and it wasn't immediately obvious to me that I needed to escape the `{` and `}` like that.

  Then one day the Wordle word was a word that isn't in `/usr/share/dict/web2`. It was **debug**, and **de** and **bug** are in there but not **debug**, so ~

- Some bicycling instead of walking for a change. It's not too cold out, just cold enough that I don't get too sweaty, and it's dry so the beds of leaves aren't all slippery but just make the ride nice and smooth. I return home with all salt from off the road on my trousers, which I prefer to mud.

- A nice surprise that there's a whole (first half of a) new series of <cite>You</cite> available to watch now.
  Was briefly aghast that the horrible slimy [main character](https://twitter.com/netflix/status/1623820978504740864) hadn't murdered anyone yet, pathetic, until I realised it had only been fifteen minutes.
  __ is particularly brilliant in it, I won't name them because I think the dawning of _oh that's ___ is part of the fun. My main complaint is not about the [delightful and silly geography of the pretend version of London](https://twitter.com/BeeBabs/status/1623699457622638593), but the sound design – the guy's moka pot overheating made an unrealistic noise, a sort of fizzing (the subtitles say "food sizzling") whereas in real life it's more like a gurgle, I think?

- Have stopped subscribing to Amazon Prime these days, but I found a way to inhale Jeremy <cite>Clarkson's Farm</cite> programme.
  The offensive newspaper columnist is portrayed as less of a low-status, out-of-his-depth bumbling fool than he was in [the first series](/2021/07/week-123#:~:text=Which%20reminds%20me), which is a slight shame – it would have been better if some of the flying excrement from a muck spreader could have gone on him – but it's still compelling.
  So what if Clarkson and his friends would kill me with hammers for my preferred modes of transport or if they mistook me for a badger.

  The producers of Cacklebean eggs appear in a few episodes, and what a shame it is incidentally that Marks & Spencer don't stock them any more.
