---
layout: post
title: "Week 246: sandwich cage"
date: 2023-12-04 08:47:00 +0000
---

- A little flurry of work. Got the keys to some new Welsh bus data. It's interesting how there isn't any friendly cuddly documentation covering subscribing to a SIRI feed (as in the Standard Interface for Real-time Information, not the thing where I tell my iPhone to turn off the bedroom light and a lady tells me the light is not responding).

- This is not even interesting enough to be a vignette. Caught a bus, after using my own technology to check that I had time to buy some chocolate mousse first.
  On the bus, someone was watching <cite>The Chase</cite> out loud on their phone – maybe [illegal](https://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/1990/1020/regulation/6), but it's a good quiz.
  Someone else was explaining to a young child that one wouldn't wear slippers on the bus, because slippers are worn indoors and being on the bus is being outside – I have to disagree with that, because you can't smoke or open an umbrella or wear a hat on the bus, but I did not speak up to correct this miseducation. Then I got off the bus.

- Got a "sandwich cage" a while ago. It's a cruel-sounding device, specially designed for a posh toaster, that lets you make a _cheese toastie_ instead of just some toast. This freaked my tiny nut: you butter the _outside_ of the bread, so it takes longer to brown and therefore the cheesy filling has time to melt. It's not as effective as a sandwich toasting machine, but crucially takes up less space and materials. A bit of smoke is inevitable, so you've got to switch on the extractor fan and reassure yourself that it won't properly catch fire. I haven't used it very much.

- 📺 <cite>Boat Story</cite>, I liked enough to overlook the quirky wankiness, the narrator and blah blah about epilogues and prologues, and _after a while_ the violence got boring. It quite made me want to visit Yorkshire and look at houses with steeply pitched rooves.

- 🎦 <cite>Anatomy of a Fall</cite> (2023). It's funny how certain designs of staircase, dog etc remind me of all the times I've been to France, even though it's a big diverse country.

- <cite>Eileen</cite> (2023). A Christmas movie. Some fine performances and a great soundtrack, and the Boston (Massachusetts not Lincolnshire) accent is a good accent isn't it. But
