---
layout: post
title: "Week 248: crisps"
date: 2023-12-18 00:15:00 +0000
---

- Registered the long-expired domain name of [a discontinued brand of crisps](https://www.redskysnacks.co.uk/).
  I don't have a good reason why – it doesn't even have much "domain authority" ("link juice"), because the content management systems of the trade publications covering its launch in 2009 couldn't do hyperlinks – but the web address is printed on millions of famously non-biodegradable crisp packets that will be dug up by future archaeologists. And if Gary Lineker decides to resurrect the brand now, he'll have to pay me? Possibly.

- To the Adam and Joe and live podcast at London's Royal Festival Hall, which I was delighted by despite having an [itchy bum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNEQqZiPcXM) and getting my salty crisps and salads to refreshing drinks ratio wrong leading to painful cramp the following morning. And I can still look forward to listening to the edited recording while washing up on Christmas Day.

- 🎦 Enjoyed <cite>Wonka</cite> (2023), even though I'm not in the target audience, nor a big fan of people bursting into song in things –
  but if we dismiss things out of hand on those kinds of grounds, we miss out on all sorts of things, and what does that make us?
  Like, there's a local fried breakfast reviewer who won't breakfast at any pub that shows live sport
  ... actually, that's a bad example, because eating too many fried breakfasts is unhealthy (obviously, that's what "too many" means), so it's sensible to have an arbitrary restriction.

  A few times near the end of <cite>Wonka</cite>, someone tried to start a round of applause, but it didn't take because it was too early.
  When the actual end came, finally a suitable moment, they'd given up.

- Made a Dundee cake, which we think is a nicer alternative to a trad Christmas cake.
  You can buy bags of dried fruit ready-soaked in brandy now,
  which is a brilliant innovation I was so dazzled by that I didn't stop to calculate how much cheaper it would be to buy the brandy and fruit separately.
