---
layout: post
title: "Week 226: spoke"
date: 2023-07-17 13:59:00 +0100
---

- Some work. Received a rightly angry communication from someone who'd waited for a provincial bus that was never going to arrive, and it was (partly) my fault. Months since the [last time](/2023/02/week-203) I discovered a new-to-me annoying way the TransXChange standard is so powerful and flexible, I learnt that a `JourneyPatternStopUsage` can contain some `Notes`, which can contain some important information. I think I sort of knew it was possible, but I'd never come across it in use until this week.

  Anyway. If I consumed the converted-into-the-GTFS-format version of the data, as I sometimes wish I did, the information in those notes would be unattainable, so that's, I don't know ~

- Tried to buy a domain name. `carlberry.co.uk` was an early pioneer in the field of public transport information websites, until the titular fellow sadly died. The domain name expired and was due to _drop_ last week. There's a cottage industry of `.uk` so-called drop catching services – it's a competitive field, with different ones claiming to have servers close to Nominet's servers etc, because every millisecond counts – and I engaged two such services. But someone else caught it, not me. But never mind, they quickly put it up for auction, how exciting.

  There are lots of now-broken links to pages of the former website around the web, and I thought redirecting them somewhere useful (`carlberry.co.uk/rfnshowl.asp?L1=NAP0010` to `bustimes.org/localities/napton-on-the-hill` etc) would be a good stewardly thing to do, and I even did some preparatory work on that. But as the ockshun crescendoed the price got higher and sillier, and I grew uneasy about paying so much money to a ghoulish profiteer who's profiting from a dead man's domain name, so I let myself be outbid.
  Maybe that was correct and sensible of me, or maybe these things are truly worth more than I think (which would make the last such domain name I bought a tremendous bargain).

- 🥧 Some bicycling back and forth, this week and last, to see and coo at visiting relatives, lovely. Quite far from home, heard a sort of _ping_, and twigged after a while that a spoke of the back wheel had broken, which is as close to chanting "who ate all the pies" as a piece of metal can get. But seriously, it's also something to do with cheap wheels and bumpy roads and going powerfully up hills.

  Wobbled home to the local bike shop – I wondered if someone would shout "there's something wrong with your back wheel" on the way but no. The LBS quickly replaced the spoke and also cheekily adjusted the brakes – that's going the extra mile, great customer service. Alas they also messed up the adjustment of the gears, which I should look on as a fun little job for me – I've already mostly fixed it without looking once at [Sheldon Brown's website](https://www.sheldonbrown.com/derailer-adjustment.html) – but ugh, I wish I was enough of a prick to march back to the shop and demand that _they_ fix it.

- To the medium-sized theatre to see Josie Long's show. I was ready for an evening of loud agreeing, but it was also funny which was a bonus. A late-arriving and early-leaving couple near the front brought some chaotic energy which I'd recount at length but you had to be there.

- Walked home at a brisk pace, as one walks after deciding one wasn't desparate enough to queue for the loo earlier. The [podcast](https://planetradio.co.uk/podcasts/frankskinner/id-2168360/) of Frank Skinner's radio programme in one ear, where he happened to mention the film <cite>Winnie-the-Pooh: Blood and Honey</cite>, and then I passed a house with a window out of which stares an enormous teddy bear, deeply terrifying and weird. (I've noticed it before, but only in daylight; it's supposed to be Paddington Bear, judging by the still-weirder display of jars of marmalade alongside; in a rougher area someone would have crowbarred the window open by now, but no one has, probably because marmalade is horrible.)

- Had a look at the internet site Rightmove (etc) again. There's a place down the road, down a cul-de-sac I didn't know existed, with the same bathroom tiles and sink and toilet and doors and doorhandles as this place, what a coincidence.
  I think it's a plus – I already know they're fine doorhandles.
