---
layout: post
title: "Week 250: NYE"
date: 2023-12-31 22:33:00 +0000
---

- Christmas time, in some ways for me an actually slightly more-ascetic-than-usual time.

  (I didn't see any screenshots posted on X of the seasonally empty bustimes.org map this year, which is an indictment of the decline of one of those websites. Maybe on NYD.)

- The emptying of the parental attic and the childhood bedroom (a is bigger and still-fuller than b) reinforces that not having too much stuff is a good idea.
  I think I do OK at keeping my stuff under control, apart from currently having two kettles.
  But does having lots of stuff means less empty space to heat up so it's more energy-efficient?

- I pretend to set no store by the calendar year, it's just a number,
  but 2023 will go down as the year I started using biological laundry detergent occasionally.
  (Apparently it cleans better, and its reputation for irritating sensitive skin is undeserved, and if you only ever use non-bio at 30° your washing machine might start to stink.)

  I hope 2024 isn't too shit.

- As you know, I strongly disapprove of e.g. Spotify Wrapped coming out in November, ignoring all the new music I enjoyed in December.
  So fair play to Premier Inn for waiting till NYE to email "You stayed with us 3 times throughout 2023",
  but I only stayed twice (I think they counted a cancelled booking).

- (Yes I used the initials for New Year's Day and Eve in a lapse of confidence over if there's an apostrophe.)

- Instead of the [Roman empire](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2023/sep/19/the-roman-empire-why-men-just-cant-stop-thinking-about-it "lots of men think about the Roman empire several times a week"), I think surprisingly often about how there's Declan Curry and Declan Rice and Tim Curry and Tim Rice (the Declan/Tim/Curry/Rice matrix). But Declan Curry is too obscure an ex-BBC journalist for many people to recognise the name – most interestingly he went on [<cite>Pointless Celebrities</cite>](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b06s29y5) with [Michelle Mone](https://twitter.com/JeffCarnage/status/1736310413103407611 "You’re all talking about Michelle Mone’s PPE scandal. I’m still obsessed with her incredible performance on Pointless.") – and off the top of my head I couldn't tell you who either Tim is. (I only mention it now because the only thing like it is the Christmas/New Year's/Eve/Day matrix.)

  Also, listing increasingly obscure continental things: continental breakfast, continental drift, continental quilt (a dated term for a duvet), [continental door](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Continental_Door.jpg) (a door on the right-hand side of right-hand drive coaches and motorhomes for visiting right-hand traffic countries). I don't know what is the point. 
