---
layout: post
title: "Week 230: dark mode"
date: 2023-08-14 16:47:00 +0100
---

- Some work. Learnt and remembered some things about front end web development. One slightly surprising thing is how many people – maybe it isn't that many – have their devices in dark mode, you know, `prefers-color-scheme: dark`, but are then offended when websites respect that preference. I guess most websites with dark modes have a setting to override the setting, but it's usually hard to find.

- The building here has communal bins. I’ve long made peace with people’s poor understanding of recycling – they seem to think you can recycle pot plants and chicken bones and so on – I’ll never understand it but I’ve given up being annoyed by it. But there’s a newer phenomenon, which is over-filling a rubbish bin when there are at least two other bins alongside with plenty of space left.

- 20 or so hours in Glasgow, mainly to take in James Acaster's <cite>Hecklers Welcome</cite>, which as far I can tell is the only live entertainment in any of Scotland's two largest cities this month ha ha. He did a bit of a Ken Dodd – not tax evasion but staying on stage for longer than billed – which was great value and fine cos I didn't have any public transport to catch.

  Overnight at the citizenM hotel ([previously](/2022/08/week-179)). Some bits felt on the verge of being dilapidated, like they're cutting costs amid financial pressure – part of the complicated shower wasn't working properly, which I didn't mind, but they do use words like "boutique" and luxury. The extractor fan whistled loudly, which was just like being back at home.
