---
layout: post
title: "Week 203: smoked salmon"
date: 2023-02-07 01:08:00 +0000
---

- Some work. One of the things I learnt last week was that a TransXChange `OperatingProfile` can contain more than one `ServicedOrganisationRef`, i.e. reference more than one `ServicedOrganisation`. So that's not really shocking but a long-standing misconception that's lingered for years.

  This week there was [a little DigitalOcean incident](https://status.digitalocean.com/incidents/0j7cwhswkkpg) which made me wonder about taking my custom elsewhere, but I do know that other cloud computing platforms sometimes have outages that they're also sometimes slow to acknowledge. Then I proceeded to break some bits of the website myself, as if I'm unprofessional and not perfect either, so...

- People who review bicycle lights fixate on lumens and beam patterns, they never mention if the charging socket (USB Micro-B) is so recessed that the connectors on most cables can't penetrate far enough, or if the stiff rubber strap makes it really difficult to unstrap from the handlebars, both problems with the Blackburn Dayblazer 800. I thought the latter point would at least make it hard to steal but, you can guess where this was going, I was almost pleased to be proven wrong. Let's see if the CatEye AMPP is better.  

- 🎦 <cite>Babylon</cite>. (It's a love letter to cinema.) An elephant does a big poo in the first few minutes and I was on board from there. It's a lot of film, maybe too much, but three hours in a nice warm cinema is good value for money.

- <cite>The Fabelmans</cite>. (It's a love letter to cinema.) My eyes wept at some moments, and if you think that's good you'll love onions.

- > "[People on Twitter who,](https://twitter.com/norock/status/1620107388966809601)
  > when someone says they've been charged a ridiculous fare for a train journey[,]
  > then post a screenshot showing you could it for sixpence if you book nine years in advance,
  > change six times and travel at 2.30am dressed as a Pastry Chef. Those people."

  Which reminds me, I dimly remember reading in the Journal of the Transport Ticket Society about somewhere in probably Scotland where unaccompanied parcels of smoked salmon travelled by passenger train, with a special ticket issued of course. So maybe disguise yourself as some smoked salmon? (That explains the colour of Michael Portillo’s trousers, ha ha ha.)

  (Previously: [“CHEAPER to fly to SPAIN?”](/2017/01/cheaper-to-fly-to-spain))
