---
layout: post
title: "Week 241: orange jigger"
date: 2023-10-29 22:10:00 +0000
---

- Happy iOS 17.1. They've fixed [that WebGL bug](/2023/09/week-236), and now the declining number of errors logged is an interesting indicator of how quickly people update their telephones' OSs.

- Walking from the bus station after sunset, I passed some new digital advertising screens in the downstairs windows of an office. They’re really very bright, and seriously possibly a seizure risk for anyone with photosensitive epilepsy etc. I typed a shirty Instagram comment suggesting they dim at night to save electricity, then deleted it ... they're not facing any residential buildings, and maybe the brightness actually makes the street safer at night. But their throbbing obnoxiousness is surely asking for someone to throw a brick.

- 🎦 <i>Killers of the Flower Moon</i> (2023). A crackling fire is heard near the start, which is an opportune moment to reach into a packet of Fisherman’s Friends. The epilogue is a great insight into high production values of early true crime podcasts.

- <i>Gravity</i> (2013) – a 3D screening which was a bit pfft and not mind-blowing. A while ago I stayed in a hotel with a Nespresso machine whose lights where blinking unintelligibly, and I'm so proud of myself for downloading a manual and figuring out that it was asking to be cleaned, and initiating the self-cleaning procedure and so on.

- Saw the trailer for <i>Saltburn</i> (2023) and I’m going to say it: <i>Brideshead Revisited</i> for the Sally Rooney generation.

- In [a recent interview](https://www.offmenupodcast.co.uk/s/Off-Menu-Ep-111_-Steve-Coogan-Transcript.pdf), Steve Coogan begrudgingly praises "those Duchy of Cornwall orange jiggers" (a posh kind of fizzy orange juice) despite their association with "a power structure that keeps a foot on the throat of working class people." But there's no such product. There are Duchy-branded [easy peelers and orange marmalade](https://www.waitrose.com/ecom/shop/search?&searchTerm=duchy%20orange) – possibly not grown in Cornwall – but the only orange jigger I could find [is made Fentimans](https://www.fentimans.com/products/mandarin-seville-orange-jigger), who have nothing at all to do with HRH Sir Prince Charles. So the monarchy is dead to me.

  (Other produce that people mistakenly perceive as being royal: Clarence Court eggs.)

- Some relatives stayed over, as they sometimes do, and I had an excellent sleep on the sofa. Spent the day before making the place into less of a hovel, but not so tidy that it would look like I'd made an effort. I've spotted a few carpet beetles, I think – they have wings, which reassuringly distinguish them from bedbugs, but do mean they can appear alarmingly out of nowhere.
