---
layout: post
title: "Week 219: no one wants to be the 27th Nigel"
date: 2023-05-28 23:29:00 +0100
---

- Some work. Working towards supporting dark mode. The summer solstice would be an apropos time to launch that. I'm impatient and like to release early and often, which isn't really compatible with bigger grander changes. And I could make the existing _maps_ support this dark mode, but I want to replace those maps with something better which would make that a waste of time. Instead of choosing either option I just sit around dithering.

- 🎦 Liked three quarters of <cite>Beau Is Afraid</cite>, which is enough.
  Larry David's cousin appears at the end, that was a nice surprise.

- A highlight of <cite>Are You There God? It’s Me, Margaret</cite> is when Margaret's father one-handedly folds up a sun lounger, such a quick and smooth action, I nearly swooned.

- Oh you’re raising money for a donkey sanctuary? No thanks, a donkey killed my \_. Etc.

- Might have walked past [Martin Roberts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhyL-lCtVoQ "it's a bit unusual ... but I liiiiiiiiiiiike it") off of <cite>Homes Under the Hammer</cite>. Not sure it was really him, his beard looked too neat and what would he have been doing beside the St Crispins flyover? Amazing story.

- Unseriously started [consecutive number plate spotting](https://diamondgeezer.blogspot.com/2003/05/consecutive-number-plate-spotting.html) last week.
  I’m up to 26. Beyond 23 you’re reliant on the vain show-offs with personalised plates, and they are many, but they tend to favour the lower numbers.
  Remember [how much the N2 GEL Nigel covets his superior Nigel's N1 GEL](/2021/10/week-133),
  and times it by a lot to get how much no one wants to be the 27th Nigel. But I'll get my 27. I _do_ have special access to a database that can tell me [there are two 27s in Lincoln](https://bustimes.org/vehicles/pcco-s27-pcc "N27 PCC, S27 PCC") and another in Stoke-on-Trent etc, but if I go to Lincoln just for a silly game people will think I'm having some kind of breakdown.

- After blowing my nose on a bag for life too many times, got some Piritase (other allergy relief tablets are available). And they seem to work, so that's nice.

Stay hydrated x
