---
layout: post
title: "Week 232: limp"
date: 2023-08-27 22:47:00 +0100
---

- Happy late summer bank holiday weekend to all who celebrate.

- Did some work, that was good, now there's some more work. Got into the most dreadful tangle with my git branches this week, but now I'm out of it. 

  Needed, or felt like I needed, to manually test a web thing in some old versions of some web browsers. After [so struggling to cancel a Browserstack subscription](/2022/01/week-148#:~:text=Cancelling%20a%20Browserstack%20subscription), I'd vowed never to return, but [Browserling](https://www.browserling.com/) isn't as good in some ways. Then I remembered to try searching Reddit, and there I found a recommendation for [LambdaTest](https://www.lambdatest.com/), and LambdaTest is indeed good (apart from its un-descriptive name, and the cheek of their only putting the "monthly price billed anually" on the pricing page).

  And now a few more people can use my web thing with their slightly older devices, so that's good and interesting isn't it?

- A meeting, with a specific kind of financial adviser, that I’d agreed to sort-of out of politeness.
  Maybe I should have left immediately, said I didn't like his shoes (I didn't), instead of wasting an hour-ish of his time (and my own time too). If I was a fictional character, I might have delivered a speech about how paying taxes isn’t unfortunate at all, my dream of building a council estate on every golf course, etc, but apparently I'm not.

  Towards the end he seemed forlorn, twigged that I'd looked up the large company of which he is a partner, read the news articles and posts on Reddit, and the word "crooks" had appeared in the Google autocomplete box. But anyway ... in taking money from the rich (by charging fees that some people say represent poor value for money), maybe these _wealth managers_ are really like modern-day Robin Hoods, and/or doing praxis in their own small way.

- Tried some Walkers Max potato crisps a while ago. Maybe they’re called “Lays Max” or even “Maxx” chips where you are. The branding makes them look like the answer to "what if toxic masculinity was a crisp?", but (I'm not sure if it's a but or an and) when you eat them they're bland and almost limp.
