---
layout: post
title: "Week 245"
date: 2023-11-27 16:16:00 +0000
---

- It has gradually, and then suddenly become clear that I could, should, ought to employ someone. (Why stop at one?)
  Not [a PA to help me write my blog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afAwEOIeWj4), but to help make the #3 UK ground transportation website even better.
  There's a danger that I might be terrible at managing people, but what if I’m not? And if I am, then I have someone manage me?

  At this stage, just putting the idea out there in a "cosmic ordering" sort of way, but early expressions of interest are welcome.

- Haircut, cos I was starting to superficially resemble the alarming new Argentine president-elect. Now it's a bit short in this weather, and I may have made a mess of the back, but this is why there are hats and hoods.

- An irritating week. And what I said last week, about the advantages of anxiety consolidation etc, was poppycock.

- To horrible Ipswich to watch Dave Gorman (a), which was two fun hours. I was left inspired to try a cryptic crossword, so I did, and I actually managed to solve a couple of clues, which is a personal record.

- Mamas Gun (h) (a hitherto unknown-to-me pop/soul band) at the arts centre, good. Must be the longest I've stood without sitting down for a while, how interesting.

- 🎦 Didn't hate [<cite>Saltburn</cite> (2023)](/2023/10/week-241#:~:text=Brideshead%20Revisited%20for%20the%20Sally%20Rooney%20generation), enough of the sort silliness I enjoy. Should have paid more attention to the production design but I don't think a second viewing is called for.

  Sat through <cite>Napoleon</cite> (2023) needing to leave for a wee.
