---
layout: post
title: "Week 227: achingly"
date: 2023-07-23 18:24:00 +0100
---

- To London, to watch the recording of a non-broadcast pilot of a putative culinary spin-off of <cite>Taskmaster</cite>. (Sounds shit.) [They](https://www.sroaudiences.com/ "a sublime website design that hasn't changed since 2004") over-allocate tickets, to counteract the inevitable no-shows, and I didn't turn up early enough. _But_, to apologise for the disappointment, they promise a priority ticket for next time – it's almost worth deliberately being late, to get a better chance of seeing a popular show another time.

  Tried to use [Apple Pay Express Mode](https://www.apple.com/uk/apple-pay/transport/) to _touch in_ on the bus there. And in a rush to avoid being an annoying slow person – just use a plastic card like everyone else! – I probably didn't _touch in_ properly, and then I got inspected by an official polo-shirted Revenue Control Inspector. So I think they'll write to me and I'll have to pay a fine, or maybe all the successfully-paid-for journeys I made that day will count in my favour.

  (What's with the horribly squashed type on the destination blinds of the new Wright StreetDeck Electroliners on route 111? Edward Johnston would be turning in his grave.)

- The next day, I bought a reduced-for-quick-sale sourdough pizza, and the barcode from a more heavily-discounted quiche or something had stuck to the pizza box, and once again it could have looked like I was deliberately committing some kind of fraud. (Obviously, solidarity with folks who fare-dodge or sort-of-shoplift out of necessity, but I have no excuse.)

- Some iconic Lidl branded T-shirts, trainers etc [“dropped”](https://www.lidl.co.uk/c/lidl-x-lidl/c2828). I remembered quite late in the day, when stocks of the best designs in my size were depleted, and I wished I was a less average size. I could have done a little tour of all the other local Lidls, but let's not be silly. Now some enterprising capitalist scumbags are selling them on eBay for a lot more than the RRP, which doesn’t mean they’ll sell any of course. 

- To Suffolk’s Latitude festival, just for one day, a dry one. Named after one my my favourite geographic coordinates, it’s often described as “achingly middle-class”, which is an annoying turn of phrase. Within minutes I’d heard someone ask their small child “would you like to sit and have a brioche?”, but you’ll probably say brioche is extremely common these days, they serve it in the canteen at the school of hard knocks. It all looks the same when it comes out the other end.

  Anyway, I had a lovely time, saw ~5 bands I like, great value, I don't know how to expound in more detail without it being cringey. I've forgotten how to sit cross-legged on the floor without getting pins and needles. Now I ache.
