---
layout: post
title: "Week 228: unyielding"
date: 2023-07-30 22:33:00 +0100
---

- Boring week. Did some work, quite pleased with it.

- 🎦 <cite>Barbie</cite> (2023) has a motor car in it – a 2024 Chevrolet Blazer – with red seatbelts that made me go ooh, that's the first time I’ve gone ooh at the colour of some seatbelts. (I looked it up on the _Internet Movie Car Database_, where a berk in the comments was being strongly angry about some aspect of the soundtrack – too incoherently to make much sense of, but as far I could tell they were a new variety of massive racist.)

- <cite>Oppenheimer</cite> (2023) (several days later).
  I fear I'm turning into [Richard Madeley](https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/drama/tv-sound-problems-drama-dialogue/ "mumblegate"), but some of the dialogue was difficult to hear. Of what I could hear, one or twice I swear Dr Robert sounded just a little bit like someone doing an impression of Terry Wogan. I was pleased to do a big wee once it was over.

  It's a shame about the hard and unyielding plastic armrests of the new seats at the cinema. But I think some of the screens still have the older, more comfortable chairs, so perhaps one must pay attention to which ones they are.

  (Is "hard and unyielding" a tautology? I thought about complaining to a tabloid editor about "very ample", but actually that has a specific meaning in algebraic geometry when describing line bundles, so er maybe it's the same for cleavages.)

- 📺 Nearing the end of <cite>Billions</cite>. It's not very good, which is good for the times when you don't feel like watching something good. A nice thing about the earlier seasons was that everyone's iPhones were, by today's standards, noticeably old. Also, there's a step in Damian Lewis's character's bedroom that must be a nightmare for tripping over at night – wouldn't a real billionaire have a level floor?

  For completeness, some other content consumed recently. The new run of <cite>Black Mirror</cite>, of which I cried at one bit. One episode of <cite>The Bear</cite>, which was too good so I felt I must save the rest for later, is that weird? There's a new series of <cite>Ed Reardon's Week</cite> on the radio.

- Cherries.
