---
layout: post
title: "Week 224: Fuji 9"
date: 2023-07-02 20:33:00 +0100
---

- Some work. The Bus Open Data Service had a bad week, and fair enough – there wasn't much for me to do about it but sit back and be glad that I don't charge money for an app relying on the service's reliability. Actually, I first noticed the problem because my liberal-in-what-it-accepts code was treating their error page, whose markup is technically valid XML, as an oddly empty TransXChange file. 

  It's all water under the bridge now. Maybe someone who's good at filing Freedom of Information requests could find out exactly what went down.

- Barely awake in bed, I dropped my phone on my face and dislodged a tooth. Not a real tooth but a bridge, which has apparently lasted as long as they usually last, and if they didn’t make the posh Apple phones out of such heavy surgical-grade stainless steel, it would probably have come loose at a less convenient time.

  Tried phoning to book a dental appointment but grew tired of the hold music. Maybe I could repair it myself with a dab of [Fuji 9](https://dentistry.co.uk/2018/01/05/lie-fuji-ix-magic/). (Coincidentally, since these thoughts occurred, the prime minister has said: "One example of reform is in dentistry, where we can have people who are not dentists, like therapists, will do more dental work." But I can find no record of it on the public internet.)

- To the jewel of the Fylde coast [again](/2022/07/week-173 "see last year").

  - Stayed in a room with a little fridge with a build-up of ice.
  And defrosting is even more satisfying than descaling – amazed Adrian Chiles hasn't written a column about it yet – so, a few hours before check-out, I switched off the fridge and opened the door and achiveved some melting. Alas, I couldn't be arsed to accelerate the process with the kettle or the hair dryer, and I thought I ought to switch it back on and close the door before checking out. But: if every hotel room came with a little fridge to defrost, just to pass the time, wouldn't that be great?

  - Waiting for a bus, a man asked if I'd ever been an apprentice at Fox’s Biscuits. I’ve never had a job anywhere near that worthwhile, but evidently someone who looks like me has, and I wonder what I can do with that information. 

- 🎦 <cite>Carol</cite> (2015).

- <cite>Asteroid City</cite> (2023).

- Three dishwasher tablets arrived in the post, and I thought, the plot thickens (see last week), but then I remembered responding to a Procter & Gamble Instagram ad offering a free sample. A nice surprise, cos it had seemed like they were only offering a money-off voucher; it feels like free samples were a zero interest rate phenomenon.
