---
layout: post
title: "Week 202: two kinds of mop"
date: 2023-01-29 23:59:00 +0000
---

- My dentist had a sign outside with a chalked message, something like "is your day as smooth as your forehead?" Thanks a lot, until this point I'd never considered whether I had a rough or lumpy forehead, and I'm still not sure if it's better to have a smooth one. (But I guess they're branching out from teeth into Botox, etc? Weird.)

- Was so taken with a sign outside a church

  > A new start  
  > to a new year with  
  > **renewable energy**  
  > from the son  
  > – Jesus

  (spotted from a moving bus) that I went and walked for some miles to take a picture the following day. (Went to Lidl on the way back.) Just great copywriting, and possibly the first time the son/sun pun's been thought of. But it's a little late to be going on about new starts to new years now, we're past the statute of limitations.

- Last week when I mentioned the leaking wool detergent bottle, it had actually been months since any spillages. Spookily, just days later the bottle got knocked over again and it took two goes with two different kinds of mop to get the slick slippery surface off the surface. But it smelt lovely.

- 🎦 <cite>TÁR</cite>. The pencil cupboard! I wondered why her Porsche Taycan had a Stuttgart registration plate, but it was a never explained. ~

- Went to see and hear Police Dog Hogan. They've updated <cite>Shitty White Wine</cite> (it tastes like turpentine/a kangaroo on the label is never a good sign) to account for inflation, Threshers ceasing trading, and <cite>Ice Road Truckers</cite> ending, but there's still an outdated reference to "buy one get one free" which is a rarely seen sort of offer these days. When in Scotland, do they consider the minimum alcohol unit pricing?

