---
layout: post
title: "Week 229: lack of rizz"
date: 2023-08-07 00:26:00 +0100
---

- More than the usual amount of going to consult various different experts (accountant, dentist, bicycle mechanic) this week. Booked to see the dental hygienist _next year_, by which time of course my excellent brushing will have made my gums so healthy I won't need to see the dental hygienist, just as I'd mostly fixed the bike myself between booking an appointment last week and the appointment this week.

  I slightly hoped the accountant would try to suggest some dodgy tax-avoidance schemes, just so I could haughtily reject them. The only sort-of thing was suggesting, as accountants are wont to do, shifting some income to one's spouse or other significant other – dodgy, but mainly just a reminder of one's lack of rizz, but it _did_ remind me of [<cite>(Don't Get Done Get Dom</cite>'s) Dom Littlewood asking "you married?"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeX8LjT2coM).

- Cleaned all the glass around the balcony here – which I promise is less fancy-pants than it sounds – all the better to see the spectacular splatter of bird poo on the other side of the glass. On returning indoors, found I'd gone temporarily blind – it was unusually bright out there – so that's why they say not to clean windows in the sun, not just because the rays' drying effect leaves streaks. But actually the effect of the ocular damage was fun in a trippy sort of way.

- Some work. Suddenly, I felt ready to release my unusually large clump of tightly-coupled changes into the world – on a Friday, which some squares say is a bad day to do such a thing, but never mind them. I did, and I got some useful feedback, some of it positive, and it's nice that people care so much. Later I decided to roll-back the changes for now, which is fine actually.

- Vampire Weekend are overrated.
