---
layout: post
title: Week 16
date: 2019-07-07 21:37:00 +0100
---

Writing about last week, inevitably I forgot to write about something or other.
L'esprit de l'escalier, sort of.

Writing about the industrial designer Sir Jony Ive, who had been in the news, [John Gruber wrote](https://daringfireball.net/2019/06/jony_ive_leaves_apple):

> Fuck this “sir” shit. We don’t have titles in the United States.

[John O'Nolan wrote](https://twitter.com/JohnONolan/status/1144488946895712256):

> “Fuck all cultures that aren’t like ours” is such a quintessentially American trope, to the point where even @gruber is only 2 steps removed from chanting “USA” and crushing a Budweiser can on his forehead. 
>
> PS. Jony Ive, the person with the title, is from the United Kingdom.

Which rankled a bit, because not _everyone_ in this kingdom is all deferential and obsessed with orders of chivalry and stuff, you know.
Some people turn down honours.
Sir Jony is a "Knight Commander or the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire" – the nonexistent British Empire.
So I don't say "fuck this 'fuck this "sir" shit' shit".

---

Some weeks have passed since the first fly of the summer.
I have been successful in squashing, with my bare hands, a lot of them so far this year – am I getting quicker, or are the flies getting dopier?

---

On Sunday, some happy time was spent passenging on some classic/heritage/vintage buses and coaches.
Only three – if only I'd woken earlier and braved the damp conditions on the Saturday as well – but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯.
Reassuringly, all were older than me, although one came close.
