---
layout: post
title: "Week 306: sock cull"
date: 2025-01-27 06:38:00 +0000
---

- With renewed enthusiasm I set about making the place less of a hovel and jettisoning rubbish that no longer sparks joy. That included a sock cull – I've yet to find the perfect sock; even the ones with the most going for them, like they're wonderfully soft and the right size and have a jazzy design, have a flaw like they wear out quickly. I have to remind myself that there are people (like [Steve Allen](/2022/08/week-178)) who famously wear a new pair of socks every day, and I'll never be as wasteful as they so I shouldn't feel so guilty about saying goodbye to a sock.

  Also I dismantled a broken hard drive, curious to see what lay within, and now to decide whether to repurpose the two shiny "platters" as too-small coasters, tree decorations or handsome jewellery.

- Some work, obv. Since reading [all of Alex Russell's posts](https://infrequently.org/2024/11/if-not-react-then-what/) about how React is bad I've been trying to use Preact in its stead – shame-driven development – but ended up going round in circles in technical cul-de-sacs, as if it really is unnecessarily complex. And I was perversely reluctant to use my tried-and-trusted method of working on some different stuff for a bit, of enjoying solving some easier problems, but at last I did _and_ I've made some progress in understanding some of the errors that were sending me around the cul-de-sac. So that's good.

- I tried using much less [dishwasher powder](/2025/01/week-305), and altered the how-much-salt-to-use setting to match the local water hardness (very hard ... as in the water here is very minerally, according to the water company's interactive map, _and_ altering the setting was difficult) and the results were promising.

- 🎦 <i>A Complete Unknown</i>.
  Timmy's Bobbles is extraordinary.
