---
layout: post
title: "Week 343: WDYDY"
date: 2025-10-13 13:06:00 +0100
---

- I've been mostly listening to the [<i>What Did You Do Yesterday?</i>](https://www.ciaranryan.com/review-what-did-you-do-yesterday-podcast/) podcast, so much so that I've even ordered [the Lululemon underpants](https://www.lululemon.co.uk/en-gb/p/always-in-motion-boxer-brief-3%22/prod11870116.html#:~:text=Was%20directed%20towards,be%20buying%20more.) that feature heavily, although I haven't heard the episode in which they're introduced yet. What Gary Lineker has for breakfast will shock you (but also I wondered if, as he owns a rival podcast empire, he was deliberately boring on his episode). Unfortunately, now my internal monologue has taken to narrating my humdrum life as if I'm being interviewed on WDYDY the next day, which is ridiculous but also annoying and boring.

- 📺 <i>How Are You? It's Alan (Partridge)</i>. I'm distracted by Alan's L322 Range Rover with clear glass, in a lovely paint colour, which I reckon might be Coogan's own car – connoisseurs agree that newer models have succumbed to enshittifcation, and the more common gangster-spec tinted windows make it look too much like a van. On the one hand, such tastefulness feels a bit out-of-character, but on the other, caring about the opacity of glass is quite Partridge.

- Read something about the beloved actor, broadcaster and national treasure Tony Robinson being aloof to some front-of-house staff. It must be hard, as a well-known person, to be on your best tits-and-teeth behaviour all the time – just the other day, someone held a door open for me and my "thank you" came out so quietly that I must've seemed like an ungrateful knob, thank goodness I'm an ordinary nobody – but it sounded about right because I'd misread it as the hateful ruffian Tommy Robinson. Which raises the question of how many confused people have conflated the two different men etc.
