---
layout: post
title: "Week 331"
date: 2025-07-21 08:23:00 +0100
---

- Wasted some time plaintively, arrogantly wondering why I’m not in [the list of most active GitHub users in the country](https://committers.top/uk). After several times changing my profile’s location string and waiting for the list to update overnight, I finally read the small print and learnt that, to avoid hammering the GitHub API too hard, [it doesn’t count people with less than a certain number of followers](https://github.com/ashkulz/committers.top?tab=readme-ov-file#why-am-i-not-on-this-list), it’s a heuristic innit. I could try moving somewhere smaller like Luxembourg, but I’m more likely to start using Codeberg or GitLab more or something.

- Bicycled to the big Tesco. They unaccountably had no greengages, but the largest range of Jason's Sourdough products I'd ever seen.

  On the way there, I noticed the chain slipping and began to dread the bit of bicycle maintenance I needed to do. On the way back, I heard a concerning noise and a spoke had broken on the back wheel, which thanks to this diary-keeping I know last happened [near-exactly two years ago](/2023/07/week-226). Again it felt like a harsh reminder of my clinical fatness, but mostly I was delighted and relieved to now have enough reasons to employ the services of a professional mechanic, instead of getting my own hands oily.

- Not for any good reason – maybe the age I was when I first encountered it – I don't like the phrase "the sticks", as in "out in the sticks" meaning "in the countryside". This week, I learnt that it's originally an Americanism, despite now being more popular in British English (see the [Google Ngram Viewer](https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=in+the+sticks%3Aeng_us%2Cin+the+sticks%3Aeng_gb&year_start=1800&year_end=2022&corpus=en-2019&smoothing=3)), and the closest analogy I can think of is (the band) the Killers.
