---
layout: post
title: "Week 348: strike plate"
date: 2025-11-17 01:33:00 +0000
---

- Maybe the best thing I did all week I did was rub the strike plate with a moist wipe, and now my front door – it's a self-closing fire door – properly self-closes without intervention. Every source I can find suggests that I'm talking out of my arse, that if your door won't self-close properly – potentially allowing fire to spread – it can only be because the latch is too stiff. But no, there must have been a sticky roughness that was causing friction, and now there isn't and I get a satisfied thrill every time I go out or come in.

- Some work. Last week I experimented with using [Amazon Location Service](https://aws.amazon.com/location/pricing/) to offer some new map styles. They have satellite imagery, and a remarkable live traffic layer that shows things like traffic jams and roadworks. But it costs money – a small amount, multiplied by the small fraction of users who've noticed the obscure button to use the Amazon map style, but that amounts to a surprising lot, affordable but still more than I'd like to give Amazon. And I don't like being unloyal, disloyal to the OpenStreetMap scene. But mainly I'm a miserly arse.

- Last month I became interested in trying to pull an apple in half with my bare hands, which is [a whole thing](https://www.reddit.com/r/LearnUselessTalents/comments/1g8fgyz/how_to_split_an_apple_with_bare_hands/). The first apple I tried to part was a Red Windsor, which had a mushy, pappy texture, and I was successful. But the next apple was crispier and juicier, it had been in a fridge, and in the end I had to give up and use a knife, and it was only by not having announced what I was about to try to do that I didn't look like a right hubristic fool.

  From now on, am I only going to have apples with a less satisfying-to-eat texture, just because they're easier to pull apart? Absolutely. But with practise – remembering the various mantras, [twisting equals tears, gripping not ripping](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F21mTojMCAc "Bob Mortimer claims he can break an apple in half with his bare hands!") – I might be able to work my way up to a Honeycrisp or a SweeTango.
