---
layout: post
title: "Week 305: dudes rock"
date: 2025-01-20 15:14:00 +0000
---

- (A few weeks ago) I saw two separate instances, in different cities,
  of men, in too much of a hurry to wait at a pedestrian crossing,
  shouting "fuck you" at the cars/vans that came along as they walked across the road.
  A large part of me thinks "dudes rock",
  and my heart swells with patriotic pride that "jaywalking" isn't a crime here ... but also, it's not great to be so angry.

- More days of no work (at least, no git commits), but then I rode my bicycle and felt like doing some work afterwards, like it was a Pavlovian response from when I had a trad job I cycle-commuted to. (But if that was the case, wouldn't I feel a bit of dread and boredom too, eh?)

- My early experiments with [dishwasher powder](/2025/01/week-303), although I've not run out of tablets yet, have been disappointing: some kind of dusty residue left on the dishes etc. Clearly I need to experiment with settings and adjusting the amount of salt and/or rinse aid dispensed, but is experimenting with settings really how I saw myself spending 2025?

- 📺 You know in the This Is My round of <i>Would I Lie to You?</i>, wouldn't it be good if, just once, all three panellists' funny anecdotes connecting them to the mystery guest were true. (I'd settle for two.)

- 🎦 <i>Better Man</i>.
  I'd heard that it sees Robbie Williams portrayed by a computer-animated monkey, but it's actually a chimpanzee. I enjoyed despite not being an enjoyer of musicals.
