---
layout: post
title: "Week 337"
date: 2025-09-01 19:21:00 +0100
---

- I’ve nothing against autumn, but the passage of time gives me the willies and I feel like summer's slipping through my fingers and I’m wasting my life. But after a good night’s sleep I feel much better and the dread is forgotten.

- After hearing some [podcast](https://atp.fm/620) nerds gushing about YoLink _smart sensors_ for detecting water leaks and fridge temperatures etc, I bought a hub and a motion sensor to put in the letterbox, to try to detect when letters are delivered and/or stolen. Today, I wasted some time being frustrated, and it turns out that I'd got an "EC" (European) hub and a "UC" (American) sensor, and the two aren't compatible of course, because of different wavelengths and stuff, so that's a pity. (Thanks to [a years-old Reddit comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/YoLink_by_YoSmart/comments/zr0po6/comment/j1lnkny/) for being a bit more helpful than the proper documentation.)

- I’ve become a bit fond of Vichy Catalan, a brand of slightly salty sparking water. I know, I hate what I've become, it's so wasteful compared to the convenient supply of safe-to-drink water that comes out of the tap in the kitchen, and the heavy glass bottles may be even worse than plastic. But I suppose there are worse vices, it's cheaper than wine, and I’m not getting a fucking SodaStream.

- 🎦 <i>The Naked Gun</i> (2025).

- I also watched <i>The Thursday Murder Club</i>. I know, the grey goo ubiquity of Richard Osman, the second-hand embarrassment of remembering his old tweets calling for a [witty, kind centrist party](https://x.com/richardosman/status/805488522018877440) and a [British Beto O'Rourke](https://x.com/richardosman/status/1046674343969853440), and so on. The cosy crime film didn't have my full attention, and the bit I experienced as audio, while I was looking at an oven or something, was interestingly more unbearably twee than the rest which I watched with my eyes. It makes me wonder if that's the problem with <i>The Archers</i>.
