---
layout: post
title: "Week 332"
date: 2025-07-28 11:20:00 +0100
---

- Bicycled to the seaside and to a [walled garden](https://www.holkham.co.uk/visit/the-walled-garden/).
  Despite the other, pejorative meaning of "walled garden", we weren't stopped from eating the sandwiches we'd brought.
  And of course all the plants flourishing in the microclimate were fantastic.

- Got so annoyed at the bus service or lack-of-service – it's not FirstGroup plc's fault that some gnarly temporary traffic lights were causing a big jam, but their uncommunicativeness can make it seem like they hold their passengers in contempt – that, somewhat illogically, I went to King's Lynn instead of waiting for the next direct bus. Had a life-affirming hour or so in King's Lynn.

- To the [Anglia Comedy Allstars](https://ipswichtheatres.co.uk/whats-on/the-anglia-comedy-allstars-2/) show in Ipswich, which was less life-affirming but does everything have to be? The next day, to [Urooj Ashfaq's show at the Soho Theatre](https://sohotheatre.com/events/urooj-ashfaq-how-to-be-a-baddie-preview/). Maybe there are still some depraved and disgusting corners of Soho, but it all seemed to be people queuing outside pizzerias. A couple of fantastic walks between the train station and the theatre.

- It's boring to go on about it, but I've had a slightly injured foot for a month now.
  I think I twanged it by impatiently rushing past some people who were walking a bit slowly, but not slowly enough to overtake easily. Now I'm stuck walking a bit slowly, and I wonder how many people have injured themselves overtaking me.
