---
layout: post
title: "Week 340: modern aberration"
date: 2025-09-22 22:03:00 +0100
---

- Happy new Apple operating systems. My chosen watch face was rudely replaced with [a different one](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/watch/apde9218b440/watchos#:~:text=Clock-,Flow,-This%20watch%20face) with some crude number-shaped blobs of sputum, translucent like the window on the envelope containing your divorce papers. But then I rebooted my watch, what a sentence, and it went back to normal.

- I've been trying making hummus a bit. Someone wise once said you should always at-least-double the amount of garlic (and onions if applicable) when following a recipe, well I did and it was maybe a bit too much garlic.

- Some months ago, I was walking along a pavement when a man bicycling in the opposite direction held out his hand to signal that he was turning left, or was it to high-five me? I didn't return the high five, but I wish I had, and I want to try it the next time I'm signalling left near some pedestrians.

- Sunday. To London on the early morning [FlixBus](https://bustimes.org/services/007-london-norwich) coach. I could have paid an extra £4 to reserve the seat next to me, but I hadn't, and after an hour it was occupied by a brazen manspreader. <!-- He might have been employed by Flix SE to encourage me to pay more next time, but that doesn't seem financially viable. --> The driver drove exuberantly and was playing a too-short playlist of bad music too quietly. <!-- No real complaints, and it cost less than £10.-->

- In London I found a blocked pub toilet. With no hesitation, I rolled up my sleeve and reached into the horrible water to unblock it [just as I have before](/2024/03/week-261#:~:text=In%20London "I'm still a conscientious legend") (seemingly always in London) but, for the first time, I was not successful. Not having a plunger or anything to hand, I left it and gave my hand and arm a thorough wash.

  I knew I should buy something to make up for not having left the toilet in a better state than I'd found it – I promise I hadn't caused the blockage, but I'd made it slightly more gross. But at the bar there was [a queue](https://kmflett.wordpress.com/2025/09/21/queuing-in-pubs-how-much-of-a-tradition/), you know, a single-file line, which for some reason feels like a modern aberration in which I can't bring myself to partake, but I daren't rudely [ignore the queue](https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/pubs-bar-single-file-queue-wetherspoons-b2545437.html) either.

- ([A Month of Sundays for MAP](https://up-the-creek.com/tm-event/a-month-of-sundays-for-map-3/) (a))
