---
layout: post
title: "Week 344: more beeps"
date: 2025-10-21 16:12:00 +0100
---

- I was haunted by some more beeps, and this time it couldn't be [people exhaling carbon dioxide](/2025/02/week-310) – it had to be another appliance with a hitherto undiscovered ability to make noise. (I remember when I was small, somewhere in the single figures, the unexpected delayed gratification of discovering that a toy lorry had a hidden switch that would make some lights flash and possibly a sound.)

  I wondered if it was a smoke alarm trying to warn of a low battery or something. Shamefully, I tried having ChatGPT interpret the colour of the little status indicator light, but I was told I'd need to upgrade to ChatGPT Plus to upload pictures of all three alarms in the place, and I decided I'd rather burn to death. No, but seriously, instead I read [the manual](https://www.aico.co.uk/product/ei3016-optical-smoke-alarm/) like a proper person, and pleasingly the red, green and amber LEDs are separate like traffic lights so it doesn't matter if you're not sure of the colour.

  Anyway, it was the kitchen scales.

- 🎦 <i>One Battle After Another</i> (2025). ! Shamefully, I had to pop out for a wee at, to be fair, as opportune a moment as any.

- Last week I saw [a James Bond pastiche](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6ZIKNEwp6U) advertising an electric motor car that's a sort of cousin of a Volvo, in which Alexander Skarsgård's accent was slightly uncanny. I checked, and it was exactly a year since [I'd been distracted by the same accent in <i>Lee</i> (2023)](/2024/10/week-291). Maybe that's just his voice, I'm sorry for bringing it up.
