---
layout: post
title: "Week 303: cutlery"
date: 2025-01-06 11:23:00 +0000
---

- And so we say goodbye to 2024. It wasn't everything I hoped it would be, but I have much to be thankful for, so.

  In 2025, I resolve to use dishwasher powder instead of tablets (after I've finished this bag of tablets).
  The advantages of powder are that you can control the dose, and you can even put a bit in the special pre-wash compartment according to needs;
  the disadvantages are that powder is harder to find in shops (but apparently the Essential Waitrose range has some). (Yes I've seen [the <i>Technology Connections</i> video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHP942Livy0&t=1240s).)

- Had a charming time in windy Edinburgh, in a draughty flat with black almost-everything, black cutlery, black light-switches, gold taps. Among other things we played <i>Catan</i> (sometimes known as <i>Settlers</i> thereof) which was in fact fun for all of the family.

  Back by train in first class due to factors. The extra space and table were useful for doing work and stuff but, woe unto me, being plied with free food and drink started to get almost tiresome. I made the schoolboy error of brimming my heavy bottomed glass with locally sourced ale, which predictably spilt everywhere. (This is dangerously close to a particular cringey Musk tweet, but it _is_ nice having proper cutlery and glassware at 125&nbsp;mph<!-- ... looking like a criminal as I do, my knife fork and spoon were whisked away by staff as soon as I'd finished my potato salad-->.)

- There are children's books called both <i>Who's in the Loo?</i> (witty rhymes, charming illustrations, award winning) and <i>Who's on the Loo?</i> (flaps), and I'm not saying one is a cynical rip-off of the other, they can coexist peacefully.
