---
layout: post
title: "Week 329: senior conductor"
date: 2025-07-07 20:08:00 +0100
---

- Monday: I went on a train. A man made a lot of announcements on the loudspeakers, grandly introducing himself as our "senior conductor" and going on about this and that, and kept pausing dramatically for emphasis, only slightly more normal-sounding than [the viral Manchester Civil Justice Centre answerphone message](https://x.com/josephtiman/status/1878854405866528963 "The man in the automated message on the Manchester Civil Justice Centre phone number genuinely sounds unhinged. It only gets worse the longer you listen. Just wait for the bit about bailiffs. Who approved this?"). The man who walked through the train checking tickets seemed relatively quiet and normal, and I struggle to believe they were the same person, maybe they were just the normal/junior conductor.

  And there was a loose connection or something, so the sound would periodically cut out mid-announcement, but alas never during the name of the train operating company (CrossCountry).

  - My records show that I previously encountered a _senior conductor_ almost exactly a year ago, and I drafted some observations about the garbled announcement "the cafe bar will be closing at Diss" which confused my tired brain – it sounded like Diss was _one of these new times they keep inventing like prosecco o'clock_ – but in the end it didn't feel interesting enough for [that week's notes](/2024/07/week-276).

    - The Sublime Text spellchecker has no knowledge of prosecco.

- Thursday: I had a bath immediately after chopping a chilli pepper. I slightly worried the stinging sensation was because I'd not properly rinsed away the Mr Muscle Platinum Shower Shine residue, but no it must have been the capsaicin.

- Saturday: I had to go near the coast.

  Turns out the [Coasthopper](https://bustimes.org/services/ch1-coasthopper-wells-next-the-sea-sheringham-crom) drivers aren't just up against motorists who don't know the width of their own vehicles, there are also many rowdy passengers on pub crawls and actually maybe that's why there are no buses later in the evenings. The [audio announcements they have now](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/providing-accessible-information-onboard-local-bus-and-coach-services/providing-accessible-information-onboard-local-bus-and-coach-services#audible-information-standards) are a bit quiet, I wonder how their text-to-speech software copes with some of the less logically pronounced place names, and the disembodied artificial man voice sounded familiar from various sloppy videos on TikTok and Instagram – as with the train earlier, I'm sorry I didn't record a recording.

  I was delighted with all the ladybirds in a pub garden, and I learn that the collective noun is "loveliness" which is quite right.
