---
layout: post
title: "Week 328"
date: 2025-06-30 03:51:00 +0100
---

- Crikey, that's Q2 nearly done over as it were. I bought a [TRMNL](https://usetrmnl.com/) wholly and exclusively for business purposes, cos it seems just the thing to display bus times on, but so far it's been resolutely set to the [Days Left This Year](https://usetrmnl.com/integrations/days-left-year) thing (plugin? integration?) and I'm not sure I like it.

- Friday: Haim (Dreamland, Margate). Didn't see much of the seaside town beyond the walk between the train station and the amusement park, but was excited to see an oasthouse on the train there, and that wasn’t even the highlight.

- Saturday: walking towards Euston I came across a far-right march heading in the opposite direction. I shook my head to show my disagreement with the gutlords' jeers, of course.

  Narrowly avoided sitting on a turd in Tavistock Square – is that a win because I didn’t sit on the turd, or a loss because I'd sat very close to it and it put me off my sandwich? I think it was human in origin, and to be fair it looked healthy, a 3 or 4 on the Bristol Stool Chart.

- Tommy WÁ and Macy Gray (Birmingham Town Hall, Birmingham), wonderful.

- A while ago I was finally persuaded to start using the NYT Games app instead of the website to do Wordle, and I started doing the Mini crossword and Connections as well. It's nice to have two new ways to pass the time until we all die, but goodness me the Americanness is sometimes baffling – "cheese" is a key component of a salad is it?
