---
layout: post
title: "Week 313: junk"
date: 2025-03-17 06:34:00 +0000
---

- Oops, it was a fake spring wasn't it.

- I’m no chicken – I do the SPF and the DKIM, and now the DMARC – but
  it seems that some of the emails I send get marked as spam or “junk”,
  particularly by Microsoft products.
  This could explain some things, and maybe I haven't unintentionally offended various people into ignoring me after all. But
  the possibility that (because they don't check their spam folders for false positives) they think I've rudely broken off
  contact with them feels actually worse.

  In the course of investigating, I logged into my extant Hotmail/Outlook account and caught up with all the misdirected emails intended for other people who have the same surname and initial as me – John, Jason, Jennifer, Jeanette. They seem like cool people with more interesting lives than mine. What if they've been getting emails intended for me?

- Snagged a buttock on the sharp corner of a drawer, days after I'd similarly injured a big toe. As an increasingly fleshy population living in cramped conditions, more of our furniture ought to have rounded corners.

- A man repaired the leak (see last week) by tightening two bolts, which I could have done. Ah, but the man knew which two bolts to tighten. But so would have I. (But the man also serviced the hot water tank, to be fair.)
  <!-- The floor was still dubiously wet afterwards, but the man must have upset the container of accumulated drips. -->
