---
layout: post
title: "Week 316: gooseberry fool"
date: 2025-04-06 21:01:00 +0100
---

- Happy Django 5.2, the latest and greatest version of the web framework I chose on a whim ten years ago.
  Among the sweet improvements there's [a bug](https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/36289) I found, which was an engrossing nerd-snipe, and I'm kicking myself for not bothering to engage with the pre-release (alpha, beta and release candidate) versions so I'd've noticed the bug earlier, but never mind.

- My body clock has fallen impractically out of whack again. I think if I travelled to Brazil it would be great and I wouldn't experience any jet lag, but… I'll snap out of it, I'm sure.

- To Rachel Fairburn's show at the arts centre, a good decision. She walks on to <i>She's Electric</i>, the first ten seconds of which, incidentally, became a slight I-wouldn't-say-obsession recently and might be the best thing ever invented in Manchester, forget graphene.

- So much wisdom in [this conversation with Sam “Cambo” Campbell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vnTt7dpEXM). “When you go for a ride with a cowboy, you might fall off the horse, but don’t forget the sunsets you saw along the way.”

- Watched the two thirds of the <i>Three Flavours Cornetto</i> trilogy I hadn't seen before. Obtaining and eating the corresponding flavours of Cornetto ice cream cone dessert (raspberry, classic) is probably a thing people do, but [as previously discussed](/2021/06/week-115) that's hard.

- I might try adding some meaning to my humdrum life by trying every supermarket gooseberry fool.
