---
layout: post
title: "Week 342"
date: 2025-10-06 08:13:00 +0100
---

- Happy October. I haven't switched on the heating, or upgraded to macOS Tahoe yet.

- You know those refillable natural deodorants like Fussy and Wild. They admirably avoid the single-use plastic of normal deodorants, but there's also some hard-headed business bastardry at play: after buying one of one brand's reusable cases, you're likely to remain a loyal customer because the other brands' refills are a slightly different size and shape etc.

  I had a subscription to Fussy, so they'd post me a box of refills every few months. I kept pausing my subscription, not wanting to build up a stockpile, but then the drawbacks of my lean, just-in-time approach to armpit hygiene caught up with me: I tried to resume my subscription, my payment card expired, the website is a bit horribly broken, delivery is slow (fair enough, it shouldn't need to be fast) and I soon ran out of deodorant. Never mind, many supermarkets sell refills these days.

  In a fit of impulsiveness, I tried the other brand, Wild. The Wild refillable case feels nicer, and they've helpfully printed some how-to-refill instructions on its bottom, which I wished I'd had when I first tried to use the Fussy one. I don't know which smells better.

- I appear to have shingles, which I’ll take over the bedbug bites I thought I had last week.
 It feels like an embarrassingly Bolsonaro-coded disease, but a mild case of it, and I don't feel much worse than usual, just sore and tired which I could kid myself is the result of strenuous work.

- Chana masala
