---
layout: post
title: "Week 312: expansion vessel"
date: 2025-03-10 03:22:00 +0000
---

- Spring! The heating's off and the crocuses are out.

- Whatever mistakes were in last week's dispatch were a final straw that reminded me I'd read something about getting the computer to help with proofreading –
  ["my PhD advisor rewrote himself in bash"](https://matt.might.net/articles/shell-scripts-for-passive-voice-weasel-words-duplicates/).
  Then I set up [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) with [proselint](https://github.com/amperser/proselint), after consulting [<i>Boost Your Django DX</i>](https://adamchainz.gumroad.com/l/byddx) for help with using remembering how to use pre-commit (even though there's no Django involved here).

- Noticed some little puddles of water indoors, and was strangely unconcerned – passed it off as ghosts or a miracle or something. Then it became clear that the hot water cylinder was leaking when it heated up. This clarity came as a relief, because my other theory was that waste water from the shower – sometimes including pee – was somehow defying gravity and coming up through the tiled floor, which is a bit like the olden-times scientists who theorised that maggots etc. could “spontaneously generate” inside rotting carcasses etc.

  Landlord suggested using a tray to catch drips, which I found patronising and stupid cos the actual base of the tank seemed to be leaking and there's no space between it and the floor.[^1] But I could Wim Hof it and keep the immersion heater switched off, enjoying progressively colder showers as the hot water ran out, or I could use newspapers (the Daily Star and the New York Times International Edition) to absorb the leak. I recall that someone wise recommended keeping sanitary products around for just such an eventuality, ~~but the relative advantage of newspapers is they’re exempt from VAT~~ these days they're exempt from VAT just like newspapers.


- Had to phone HMRC. Why did no one tell me [the hold music](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTy4xv7cx6E) was such a bop?
  If I'd known, I wouldn’t have been so reluctant to call before; and now that I do, I'm almost looking forward to the next time. (It's still admin and annoying, but it's right that this stuff is complex and secure because otherwise a criminal might hack in and pay my taxes for me.)

- To London town to take in [a live RHLSTP](https://richardherring.substack.com/p/one-ball-and-boe#:~:text=Another%20sparsely%20attended%20but%20very%20enjoyable%20RHLSTP%20tonight).

- To the larger local venue to see the Selecter and Steel Pulse; I was more excited about a but b turned out to be marvellous.

<hr class="hr">

[^1]: Later I discovered that the actual culprit is the _expansion vessel_ above, and sure enough a container fits nicely underneath it, so I'm glad I kept my unexpressed anger to myself.
