---
layout: post
title: "Week 327: beans"
date: 2025-06-23 08:53:00 +0100
---

- The bus times website celebrated its tenth birthday. I thought about a cake, maybe returning to where it all began (Selby), but then I didn't do any of those things. But, coincidentally, I did feel a new enthusiasm for doing some work, so that's good.

- I have been mostly listening to the back catalogue of [Three Bean Salad](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Bean_Salad_(podcast)
) which is as great as everyone says. Nicely, I've reached September 2023, when the temperature and humidity were about the same as they are now.

  Significantly, I've mostly stopped using the Overcast app to listen to podcasts, because it doesn't show episode artwork. It does if the podcast's producers embed it in the audio file, but they overwhelmingly don't, and I so didn't want to miss seeing the 3BS artworks that I've jolly well switched to [Castro](https://castro.fm/).

  Regarding actual beans, last week I was introduced to Heinz Five Beanz, which are like baked beans but with four more kinds of bean, what a good idea.

- I should have written a separate blog post about [gooseberry fools](/2025/06/week-326) instead of serialising my observations like this, but:

  Some shops use the same lid design for their apricot and lemon fools,
  which is a problem when they’re kept on a low shelf where it's harder to see which is which.
  So I’m grateful to Tesco, Asda and the Co-op for printing the type of fool on the lid, no doubt at some extra expense.

  Some more minor differences in ingredients: the Marks and Spencer gooseberry fool, which is pretentiously called a "west country luxury fool", contains spinach extract.

- 🎦 Mars Express (2023), a visually gorgeous French animated film. I'm bad at reading subtitles.
