---
layout: post
title: "Week 347: winter beater"
date: 2025-11-10 20:45:00 +0000
---

- Upset an open bottle of liquid laundry detergent. I've written about something similar happening at least twice before, so you’d think by now I’d’ve switched to an easier-to-clean-up claggy powder or those harder-to-spill dangerously edible-looking pods or tablets, but no. I squeegeed most of the spillage into an open container, which I later bunglingly spilt on newly delivered parcel of coffee beans, but I'm pleased to say the Ecover didn't penetrate the adequate packaging.

- In the shower, I dropped a full container of exfoliating face wash on my big toe, and might have cried "this is what I get for caring for my skin". It made me wonder what top footballers do to avoid the risk of this kind of injury – are their shampoos and shower gels fixed to the wall like in a budget hotel? Equally, in wasteful fancier hotels you get those tiny bottles of toileteries, whose small size limits the damage they'll do to any foot they're dropped on.

- The Wikipedia article for [web page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_page) used to be illustrated with a picture of the Wikipedia article for web page, but some bore has changed it. (Oh well. The _Grokipedia_ article doesn't have any pictures, which is worse.)

- Bicycle maintenance. (I have adopted my da's unwanted bike, to use as a "winter beater" or something.) I cleaned a fabulously dirty chain, but maybe the dirt was actually serving a useful purpose – like how limescale stops your kettle leaking and makes the water pressure on your shower seem higher (like putting your thumb on the end of a hose). Then I had to clean the carpet, the soles of my feet, and the bathtub that the blackened grease had found its way onto.

- Went to Norwich’s second Ikea. That’s deliberately misleading, as if Norwich has as many Ikeas as the whole of Scotland, really it’s only a small Ikea with limited stock and a click-and-collect facility, and Norwich’s first Ikea closed some years earlier. The side plates they sell these days are slightly smaller than the old landlord-provided ones here from two corporate typefaces ago, but toast has stayed the same size, and the result is more crumbs. I know yabbering about plate sizes is deeply Partridge but I'm intgrigued by [the massive Flamsig 32 cm plate](https://www.ikea.com/gb/en/p/flamsig-pizza-plate-white-00505731/), that's more than [twelve inches](https://partridge.cloud/scene/?id=B9IBJ5YEPI7h "Got your big plate Alan?"), but it's not stocked in the small Ikeas.

- 🎦 <i>Bugonia</i> (2025).
