---
layout: post
title: "Week 309: Double Ian"
date: 2025-02-17 10:48:00 +0000
---

- I've been suffering from my shoelaces coming undone recently – there's a particular pair of shoes with particularly slippery laces.
 In [a recent podcast episode](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p0kpx47c), John Robins mentioned the Ian Knot, which has been on my radar since 2005 and [I've been using since 2012](https://joshuagoodw.in/2012/08/nobody-knows-shoes), but it made me think I should check that my knotting technique hadn't gotten sloppy. It hadn't, _but_ I'd been missing out on the extra security of the [Double Ian Knot](https://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/doubleianknot.htm) (which is actually what JR mentioned) – it's just like the single Ian Knot but with an extra step at the end – and since adding the extra step at the end I haven't had my laces come untied once.

- Bought a showerhead from Lidl just over a year ago – incredibly, I didn't write about it here at the time. (I have some complaints about the Lidl Plus app – ambushing me with an updated privacy policy when I'm in a checkout queue, no thank you – but I'm jolly impressed by the <i>receipt history search</i> feature, which I used just now to check when I bought the showerhead.) This week, I noticed that showerheads are back in season, and also the button on the year-old showerhead – you know, for toggling between the three spray modes – has stopped working. Coincidence?

  I could return the showerhead for replacement under the three year warranty – of course I've kept the warranty information – but what am I supposed to do while waiting for my claim to be processed, have baths?

- Sunday. Had lunch and a small seaside walk with some cherished loved ones, taking in various liquids – cider, soup, Earl Grey (the three main liquids) – and then it was time to go home.
  I could have caught a train and enjoyed several opportunities for peeing – while waiting for the train, on the train, etc. – but my espousal of the bustimes.org brand values is so strong that I chose to spend 90 minutes on a bus, in growing discomfort, cursing every time an inconsiderate passenger delayed progress by getting on or off the bus. But the great relief I felt at eventually relieving myself, in better facilities than a train toilet, almost made the suffering worthwhile<!--, and that's a bit like Jesus-->.
