---
layout: post
title: "Week 286: soup station"
date: 2024-09-09 22:00:00 +0100
---

- On the train back from my holiday I overheard some Americans telling an anecdote. The setting was some kind of university canteen/dining hall, and 40 people went to queue at the soup station, so they decided to start with dessert and work backwards, what a funny story.

- In the clearance section of John Lewis they're selling those phallic Alessi beechwood salt/pepper/spice grinders for a lot less than they're advertised anywhere else, so maybe there's an arbitrage opportunity there for someone.

- As a result of the Transport for London cyberattack their buses have vanished from the [map](https://bustimes.org/map), which was my leading source of emails this week.
  It's not a big deal because the bus arrivals feed still works, and I'm surprised anyone uses bustimes.org in London instead of the several better London-focused apps, but each to their own.

  Also I noticed that the [Travel Norfolk](https://www.travelnorfolk.co.uk/journey-planner/ "white elephant") website has the cheek to scrape bustimes.org for its "find my bus”/“show live buses on map" feature. That's ... interesting, and I guess I'm more flattered than I am irked.

- Thought I should finally find out what “Hawk Tuah”, the "Hawk Tuah Girl", is all about,
  because remaining ignorant would make me no better than Andrew Neil not knowing what the Global South is.
  And well, is that it?

- Finally I deleted the Twitter app off of my phone,
  but I still look at it on other devices and it's actually not a cesspit if you're following the right people,
  and my experience of the newer, worthier microblogging platforms is still one of witless bores and shit puns (because I'm not following the right people, I know).
