---
layout: post
title: "Week 272: to Hull and back"
date: 2024-06-02 23:34:00 +0100
---

- My only world class basics, high performance habit or ritual is preparing my breakfast the night before: muesli ([weighed](/2024/01/week-253)),
  frozen berries, milk, into the fridge. Eaten next to hot coffee in the morning, the contrast between hot and cold is like having a hot pudding with ice cream. 
  (I say habit, but quite often I'll have forgotten or been too tired so it's toast instead.)

- Some work. Lost some time to trying to improve my development experience – after so much command-tabbing between one's text editor and the terminal, one starts to wish one could click on the file path and line number in a log and be taken straight to that line of the file in the editor. If only there existed a development environment that integrated these features, it could be called an integrated development environment or IDE for short.

- Two nights in York. Took the [X46](https://bustimes.org/services/x47-hull-cottingham-beverley-market-weighton-poc-2) to Hull and back, and maybe I could have made more of my visit.
  Went to the architecturally cool, unusually low-ceilinged [Foss Bank Sainsbury's](https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2024/mar/17/childhood-sainsburys-closing-has-tipped-me-over-the-edge) for surely the last time – I didn't remember the ceiling being so low, maybe I've gotten taller.

- Adam Buxton's podcast's live show (a). He's been playing with AI image generators, which is a shame.

- Catherine Bohart (h), to whom I was grateful for bringing
  [Thank You Farmer sun cream](https://thankyoufarmer.co.uk/) to my attention (by mentioning it on [a podcast episode](https://podcasts.apple.com/gb/podcast/catherine-bohart/id1462168683) once).

- Took some small electrical items to the household waste recycling centre,
  waited patiently on my bicycle in the queue of cars, huffing diesel fumes.
  It's interesting how, like butchers, overwhelmingly everyone who works at such places seems so cheerful and pleasant, you never meet a miserable one.

<!-- - I think about how much I hate the dull phrase "bug fixes and performance enhancements" (i.e. not that much, "hate" is overstating it a bit),
  and how entitling a weeknotes simply "week 272" is the weeknotes equivalent of that, to motivate myself to put _something_. Apparently "To Hull and Back" is also the title of an episode of <i>Only Fools and Horses</i> -->
