---
layout: post
title: "Week 291: man's inhumanity to man"
date: 2024-10-13 22:48:00 +0100
---

What a lot of cultural highlights of the week.

- To the local cinema for the first time since they yassified it, recarpeted and installed huge recliners.
  It would feel wrong to watch something about man's inhumanity to man while sitting so comfortably, but that's nothing that (I imagine) really needing a pee can't solve.

- 🎦 <i>Lee</i> (2023). A war is only as good as its correspondents! The accent Alexander Skarsgård does in it is a bit distractingly weird.

- <i>The Outrun</i> (2024). Devastating, not a dry eye on my face. 

- [An evening with Adrian Chiles](https://www.theguardian.com/guardian-live-events/article/2024/jun/03/an-evening-with-adrian-chiles-live-in-london-and-online).
  Some say Chiles is a clown and a bore, but not me.

  I really thought the architects of Kings Place had named each room of the building after a different time of the day, how quirky, but no it's not half two it's _hall_ two etc.

- Ms. Lauryn Hill, etc. The reputations of both the venue (Co-op Live) and artist precede them but the show went ahead!

Friday: I resigned myself to having missed a train, then realised the train was late so I could catch it if I was quick, and in the end it was even later than that so I hadn't even needed to be quick.
I the rush I forgot to pack my toothbrush, then later forgot to pack the hastily bought replacement, so that's the shortest amount of time I've owned a toothbrush, what a funny story.

Saturday: Since I happened to be in the same city at the same time, I too-briefly stopped in on [OggCamp](https://oggcamp.org/) which is a lovely thing. (Today I saw a toot disparaging the smell of one of, and the social awkwardness of some of the attendees, but that can't be about me cos I wasn't there today.)
