---
layout: post
title: "Week 277: streaming"
date: 2024-07-08 11:04:00 +0100
---

- Sick of everything being "incredible". What I would give for something to be "awesome" again.

- Some work.

  [Streaming HTML](https://dev.to/tigt/the-weirdly-obscure-art-of-streamed-html-4gc2 "the weirdly obscure art thereof") has been on my mind for a few years.
  I have some things like big timetables that take unacceptably long to to render, and these days a lot of people would use JavaScript to load the slow bit after the rest of the page has loaded, but that's like (the urban myth about) NASA inventing ballpoint pens instead of simply using pencils. Streaming HTML is a bit of a pain in the arse, just like trying to use a pencil on a spaceship – I had to convert a template from the Django template language to the deceptively similar Jinja, which has supports streaming and is also a bit faster – but I managed it and it's good.

  I'd like to embed a video of a side-by-side comparison here, but I'm tired and I don't know how to, so you'll have to imagine: on one side, the top of the page appears a bit sooner than the bottom; on the other side, it's blank until eventually the whole page appears at once.

- Got caught in some downpours, the most hailstorm of which washed the mud off of my bike and my bicycling jacket, and I didn't mind it – it's an excuse for sitting damply with one's trousers off afterwards, is that good?

- None of your business but I voted Green by the way, although our Labour MP is a good egg and I had some beeves with the Green candidate's nimbyism.
  Not to make everything about myself, but I won £2.04 on a bet I'd forgotten placing last year.

  <!-- I sought out a copy of cringy <cite>The New European</cite>  -->

- This morning I heard a mysterious noise in the kitchen, like a soft crackling ... it was a decomposing pear.
