---
layout: post
title: "Week 262"
date: 2024-03-25 16:17:00 +0000
---

- A long tiring bicycle ride, and it was actually a nice change to be physically tired,
  a different kind of tired to the tired I feel most of the bally time.

  I keep washing my jacket and then going out and getting all mud up my back.
  Hopefully it's clear from the splatter pattern that it's not lavatorial, I just don't have any mudguards.
  And now I've got some mudguards ... inevitably, one of the nuts (🔩) for attaching them was missing,
  so finally I've been vindicated in not throwing away spare bits and bobs and having them cluttering up the place.

  First puncture in a TPU inner tube. Pink and inflated,
  by heck they look like the sorts of anatomically unrealistic things you see hen parties holding aloft. 

- Took some old computer games to CeX,
  cos I don't think charity shops are as good at appreciating the value of that kind of thing. 
  I wonder why [Enthusia Professional Racing](https://uk.webuy.com/product-detail/?id=4012927026571),
  which I recall being pretty dull, has such a high resale value, but it's a pleasant surprise.

  (Took the old PlayStation itself there a while ago; it was satisfying scraping off the layer of,
  I guess, soot from it being in the same room as a wood-burning stove.)

- Ailments: a cough – it started as just having to clear my throat a lot,
  which might have led to some amusing misunderstandings – and a minor burn between the elbow and armpit,
  improbably, from getting something out of the oven.

- <cite>American Psycho</cite>.
  Maybe it's that all American voices sound the same to my stupid ears,
  but Chris Bale's voice really does sound like Steve Jobs's voice (also a bit like Ron Swanson's),
  so you can see why Bale almost played Jobs in that film about Jobs.

- Stewart Lee (h).
