---
layout: post
title: "Week 301: Scrabble"
date: 2024-12-23 12:36:00 +0000
---

- Been playing a bit of internet Scrabble. It turns out (and shouldn't be a surprise) that the strangers one plays against tend to be annoyingly good at playing Scrabble.
  Sometimes I paranoidly half-think they're trying to tell me something with their word choices – FOOL, DITHERS – but not really.
  The games (on playscrabble.com) are limited to 15 minutes per player, so one (slightly unsatisfying) way of winning is to use as few tiles as possible until one's opponent runs out of time.

- Christmas approaches.
  I made two long-winded three-legged bus journeys to inspect some knitwear and buy some [posh biscuits](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bath_Oliver)
  – it could've been one journey if only I hadn't misread a timetable and thought I didn't have enough time to buy biscuits the first time.

- It's the worst time of the year for the accuracy of bus timetable open data, and I don't like it.
  (Although, statistically, I reckon a high proportion of the services running on Christmas Day will have correct data.)
  Every year I think I ought to make some tools for applying corrections, but then it gets forgotten among all the figgy pudding.

  (Do you think Google fellows lie awake at night worring about the accuracy of Google Maps?) I recieved an email with the subject "critical errors", and actually couldn't bear to look at it for a bit ... what a relief it was then to find that it was just some spam from an SEO scammer and not actually something I'd done wrong.
 
