---
layout: post
title: "Week 254: phlebotomist’s nightmare"
date: 2024-01-29 20:10:00 +0000
---

- Went to a trailer in a car park to participate in the [Our Future Health](https://ourfuturehealth.org.uk/) research programme,
  to have various measurements taken and some blood extracted.
  I’m a phlebotomist’s nightmare with hard-to-find veins, and I’d accidentally made matters worse by being cold and dehydrated – must prepare better the next time a medical professional needs to locate a vein. 

  (Yes it feels likely that it will emerge that the data is being _sold_ to _private companies_,
  and that the blood collected actually went into one of Peter Thiel’s breakfast smoothies.)

- Got a new winter [coat](https://www.uniqlo.com/uk/en/product/heattech-warm-padded-coat-467595.html) just in time for the warmer weather.
  It's enormous, maybe too big, big enough to smuggle several frozen legs of lamb – I feel the supermarket security guard eyeing me more suspiciously
  – but so warm that the stolen meat would quickly spoil.

- 🚲 Got some new tyres after a statistically significant increase in punctures.
  Fitting them somehow turned into disassembling the jockey wheels off of the derailleur to give them a good clean
  – I blame the influence of a TikTok I saw on Instagam – and getting dirty grease on my socks and treading it everywhere including the bathtub – social media is a pernicious beast.

- 🎦 <cite>The End We Start From</cite> features an anomalous number of pre-2000 motor cars,
  so let’s say it’s set in a parallel universe where
  [Gordon Brown’s scrappage scheme](https://www.flickr.com/photos/downingstreet/3575503643/)
  didn’t happen.
  It did happen in this reality, so we don’t need to worry about ecological disaster.

- To Manchester and back by Megabus. I had some thoughts about the Scania Touring motor coach (the door by the wheelchair space squeaks a lot, passengers in the aisle seats can't easily reach the power sockets, etc) but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯.

  I liked the softness of the Manchester water – I think my hair likes it better, and I'd spent some of the previous days scraping limescale off of a shower panel.

- Panic Shack (a) (the Pink Room, YES, Manchester) superlative.

- This Is The Kit (h) (the studio where <cite>Sale of the Century</cite> used to be filmed) didn't even play their best song but that's all right by me.
