---
layout: post
title: "Week 288: pappy"
date: 2024-09-22 18:08:00 +0100
---

- Some work. To save a few pounds I migrated a database to a slightly smaller server which was actually the same size, price and everything as the old one.

  I've been using Visual Studio Code a bit, although I often go back to Sublime Text out of force of habit. VSCode is tantamount to an integrated development environment, and I don't really like its heft, and the most egregious thing about it is the icon depicting a conical flask to denote "Testing" (like we're supposed to think it's a test tube).

- Found an earwig on the soap dish (I know/I know it's serious). Thanks to AI for identifying it ... I used to know what an earwig looked like without deferring to a computer, it's like something's making me more stupid.

- Terry Reid (h) at the arts centre.
  Part of me wanted to stay at home,
  and I couldn’t remember if (according to TikTok witches)
  that feeling means a protective spirit is trying to save you from something bad,
  or a malign one wants you to miss out on something good.

- The Envy apples mentioned [last week](/2024/09/week-287) turned out to have an unpleasantly pappy texture,
  but maybe it was my fault for storing them improperly and for too long.

  The new Apple Watch with the Jet Black finish is nice.
  I don’t understand the metal-snobbery of anyone who pays the extra for a titanium one – oh is recycled aluminium not good enough for you?
  Grow up. But maybe the extra durability is worth it.
