---
layout: post
title: "Week 295: the AirPods bleep"
date: 2024-11-10 23:27:00 +0000
---

- For weeks/months, I’ve been being haunted/plagued by a sound. A muffled bleep, but not a swearing-on-TV kind of bleep or a voicemail "speak after the beep" beep, more like a bleep test one. (You know bleep tests, in which you run increasing-in-speed lengths of a sports hall, in time with a series of bleeps, to test your cardiovascular fitness?) Actually, maybe a cross between a bleep and chirrup?

  Clearly, the sound was coming from an electronic device, but which one? I began to think it was coming from next door, until I heard the sound in a hotel room miles from home, which narrowed it down to the devices I had with me, and eventually to the AirPods (Pro).

  There are YouTube videos with titles like “every AirPods sound effect”, but they’re lying. But eventually I found [a Reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/airpods/comments/1e77s1t/airpods_sometimes_making_strange_noise_when_i_put/ "AirPods sometimes making strange noise when I put them back in the case") by someone in the same situation, with a video of their AirPods case making, yes, the same sound. It's so heartening to read all the comments there, and [this MacRumors forum thread](https://forums.macrumors.com/threads/why-do-airpods-pro-2-make-a-quiet-chime-recording-now-in-thread-a-little-while-after-being-put-away.2429789/), to know I'm not alone, but it's troubling that no one's sure what the sound means apart from some people who reckon it's for calibrating some microphone or other.

- :( (It’s not the main thing, but I lost £9.86 – proof, if proof be need be, that gambling is for mugs. ~~No one ever went bankrupt running a casino!~~)

- Ew, twice to London's glittering West End. The second time to take in [the <i>Dr. Strangelove</i> play](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dr._Strangelove_(play)) in which Steve Coogan plays four of Peter Sellers's three roles from the film ... I didn't mind it.

<!-- - 📺 It was rash of me to call <i>Rivals</i> naff, of course it's a [] -->

- A man came to replace the dribbly tap, and best of all he fitted some isolation valves for an easier repair next time (although I hope I'll have moved before then).
  Actually, I’d gotten used to the maddening, interminable drip, drip, drip, so now the place feels too eerily quiet and I'm more aware of the emptiness within.
