---
layout: post
title: "Week 258"
date: 2024-02-26 10:13:00 +0000
---

- I read fbb’s blog – he writes about public transport information and stuff –
  and with each new post I worry: what if this time he’s cast his critical eye on _my work_? 
  Well, [the time finally came][fbb],
  and maybe the old buffer is right about the technology tail wagging the information dog and all that.

  (It’s a shame he doesn’t know how to do hyperlinks –
  they’re such a fundamental part of the web that one normally calls them “links” to save time.
  He’s an older fellow, but in a way he’s bang up to date with the modern "link in bio" culture of screenshotting.
  And he embeds YouTube videos by downloading and re-uploading them, unintentionally obscuring their authorship – again, incompetence rather than malice I'm sure.)

  (Reminds me: last month there was [a parliamentary debate][parl "Real-Time Bus Information: North-East"] that was sort of about my laziness/failure to do my job properly. The week before, I'd had some confused/confusing questions from a parliamentary intern; I'd've tried harder to write better answers if I'd known there was a chance they might end up in <cite>Hansard</cite>.)
  
- A low-speed falling-off of the bike in the course of some industrial espionage. The main humblingly minor injury is a blistered middle finger tip, which impairs wiping and typing.

- Sam Campbell (h), the talented weird little guy (days before his debut on the only-good-thing-on-TV <cite>WILTY</cite>). Last year, when I saw him do ten excellent minutes, I found his material about hotels with swimming pools hard to relate to, but then mere days later I stayed in a nobby hotel where, sure enough, there were wet people in the lift. 

  I googled the Twickets user I bought my ticket from, and turns out they (and their house) were once the subject of an episode of <cite>Grand Designs</cite> – how interesting.

- 📺 <cite>Criminal Record</cite> was good.
  (The Apple TV apps are surprisingly bad – the criminals of the world of piracy I used to watch <cite>Slow Horses</cite> somehow deliver a less frustrating user experience.)

[fbb]: https://publictransportexperience.blogspot.com/2024/02/errors-and-omissions.html#:~:text=link%20to%20the-,Bustimes.org,-site
[parl]: https://hansard.parliament.uk/Commons/2024-01-31/debates/9C049314-C502-4CF8-A071-120701F69989/Real-TimeBusInformationNorth-East
