---
layout: post
title: "Week 278: Smeets your requirements"
date: 2024-07-15 22:20:00 +0100
---

- Some work. It occurred to me that Google Analytics really is useless – not worth the kilobytes – it's a small proportion of the total kilobytes, but at least all the adtech kilobytes make money for someone. So I turned to [GoAccess](https://goaccess.io/), which seems like the best thing for analysing access logs, which satisfies my particular needs. That has the questionable advantage of counting all the non-human website traffic – there's the the option of ignoring it, but no thanks. I wasted lots of time getting the configuration just right, slowed down by my intransigence towards bothering to read the documentation, and now that avenue of timewasting has been exhausted.

- 🎦 <cite>MaXXXine</cite>, I enjoyed with some reservations. Later I was inspired to drive to the ["Oasis Hotel" in American Truck Simulator](https://trucksimulator.wiki.gg/wiki/Easter_Eggs/American_Truck_Simulator#Western).

- Bicycling though an industrial estate, I was obstructed by a fellow manoeuvring a big red lorry back and forth, struggling to turn around.  I liked the slogan on the curtainsider enough to consider taking a photo, but that might have looked like I was going to snidely post on the internet a video of someone's bad day at work ... obviously, as a Truck Simulator dabbler I fancied that I could have done a better job. Anyway, turns out there's already coverage of [the slogan](https://slechteslogans.blogspot.com/2013/02/smeets-your-requirements.html "Smeets your requirements") on [the internet](https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/1576658-mildly-infuriating). (Huge thanks to my Google search history for helping me remember the name of [the company](https://great-blakenham.cylex-uk.co.uk/company/smeets-ferry-uk-ltd-25082729.html "Plenty of twats on the road") a week later.) I didn't hang around to watch, I squeezed past when the driver got out of the cab to pace around, so I'll never know how it concluded.

  Then further down the road, a startling glimpse through an open door of a warehouse full of people in activewear doing possibly Zumba or another dance-based group fitness activity – that's industry these days, and why not!

- Recently resumed being a sourdough ponce, partly because of forgetting to buy bread or even dried yeast, and I think I've succeeded in making a normal-ish loaf that doesn't taste excessively sour and that fits in both the toaster and the air-tight storage container. So, well done me. I've still never made a poolish.
