---
layout: post
title: "Week 274: grab bag"
date: 2024-06-17 01:34:00 +0100
---

- I couldn’t remember the incantation for searching the macOS dictionary to help with Wordle,
  so I added [a search page](/search) to this website (using [Pagefind](https://pagefind.app/)).
  The search page itself doesn't support the kinds of search I'm on about, but it helped me find [the time I mentioned the incantation](/2023/02/week-204).
  And actually, I managed to solve the Wordle (ANGST) without recourse to `cat /usr/share/dict/web2 | grep -x '^a.g.t$'` after all.

  Maybe I'll remove some of the older content from here – not because the powerful search engine is struggling with the amount of content, far from it, but just because if you're not embarrassed by things you wrote more than ten years ago then you're not growing as a person.

- Some work. With quite a lot of effort, I merged three different kinds of map view ("big", "trip" and "operator"), so navigation between them is smooth and faster in a single-page app kind of way ("Are you getting it? These are not three separate maps").
  After one evening, no one's said anything about the change, which I'll take as a positive.
  I look forward to seeing how, if at all, it affects the map tile hosting bill and the programmatic advertising figures.

  Next week it's the summer solstice _and_ the the website's ninth birthday, both apposite times to launch or announce stuff...
  but I've got nothing big, and I prefer to drip-feed small changes. I was going to save the above for then, but I'm too impatient. 

- I bought a "grab bag" of stale Doritos as part of a meal deal. Turned out they were past the best before date, but also there was a small hole in the bag.
  So, as per the instructions on the back of the packet, I wrote to Walkers – they no longer advertise a freepost address, maybe [plastic waste campaigners](https://speakout.38degrees.org.uk/campaigns/4321) led them to stop it, I used a stamp in case. They sent me back £7 of vouchers – I can't see myself remembering to spend them – and disappointingly ignored my P.S. asking what exactly "grab bag" means.

  - What about the current advert where Thierry Henry and David Beckham (whither Gary Lineker?) say "Walkers" unnaturally often, eh? I wondered if there's an international version where they say "Lay's", and indeed there is.  Also I enjoyed [an investigative journalism podcast](https://www.laurenandaugustine.com/the-walkers-switch) about crisp packet colours a while ago.

- Out to [Brian Butterfield](https://www.theguardian.com/culture/2024/apr/29/brian-butterfield-peter-serafinowicz-call-of-now-comedy-interview)'s <i>Call of Now</i>.
  Due to factors, I went twice, days apart, which was an accident but it stood up to the second viewing.

  It's worth going to the Hammersmith Apollo just enjoy the seats and how the curved armrests rise and fall elegantly with the folding action.
