---
layout: post
title: "Week 251: not a guillemot"
date: 2024-01-08 10:27:00 +0000
---

- I try not to start anything new in January, not wanting to appear to make a cringe New Year's resolution.
 But I went to the dental hygienist and was reminded I'd been neglecting part of my mouth, so I've changed my brushing a bit.
 And I installed [Atuin](https://atuin.sh/) ("Magical Shell History") on the computer – I don't really care for it yet, it feels jarring.

- To Edinburgh.

  - A little of what might be described as “microdosing parenting”.

  - Stayed in my first Airbnb.
    The radiators needed bleeding, and the freezer defrosting, but I did neither.
    My bed was a mattress up on a ledge – the idea of a mezzanine excited me, but not the reality of climbing up and down a ladder if I needed to wee in the middle of the night, and I'm not a guillemot, so boringly I slept down on the sofa instead.

  - The zoo! Didn't know rhinos had such hairy ears.

  - The sun sets early there. Like a bird flying into a window, I thrust my card into what I thought was a gap in the bus driver's assault screen but was in fact the assault screen. Funny story. 

- Mostly resisted doing any work, until "why not? Why shouldn't I?"

  I'd forgotten one of the improworsements in Django 5.0: they've removed the setting that makes the `DATE_FORMAT`, `TIME_FORMAT` and `DATETIME_FORMAT` settings have any effect, so you must [pepper your templates with format strings](https://github.com/jclgoodwin/bustimes.org/commit/49b966f64604e6010d0cefc5ed1db7e2182c4816) if you don't like their weird (American?) default (`5:49 p.m.`).

  So I'd forgotten to specify the time format in one place, and people were quick to notice.
  Turns out [Barry Doe](https://www.barrydoe.co.uk/24hour.pdf) is not alone in reviling the 12-hour clock.
  (Sometimes I think about adopting the 12-hour clock one April Fool's Day, just for 12 hours – it would be immature attention-seeking annoyingness, and wouldn't it be awful if actually no one noticed?)

- The website [GTFS.pro](https://gtfs.pro/):
  some aspects of its design, bits of microcopy etc., feel familiar, I can't quite put my finger on it.
  But it's OK, everything is a remix and all that, and it has some admirable innovations.
  And there's an amazing [portrait of the founder](https://gtfs.pro/en/whatwedo) pulling a very serious face, amazing, imagine being that serious.
