---
layout: post
title: "Week 296: perk"
date: 2024-11-18 02:39:00 +0000
---

- Robert Popper's promotion of his new book led me to have a nice listen to [<i>The Timewaster Diaries</i>](https://open.spotify.com/show/05RxebfOsu9Jth820hctvY)
  (since the earlier <i>Letters</i> wasn't in the catalogue of my chosen audiobook provider). The diaries are sweet and Paul Whitehouse does a good job of reading them aloud.
  It's an unrelated coincidence that, this week more than ever, the only things I can think of to write about here feel particularly boring and pointless.

- Started paying for a bank account, because of the "free" "perks" – a monthly cinema ticket,
  a Railcard, an interest rate, and go on then a weekly Greggs item from a limited selection.
  The other thing is they send you a subtly fancier-looking new debit card with a new number, a mild inconvenience I'd've preferred not to endure, but I _could_ have simply not activated the new card and kept using the old one.

  Perhaps I will walk to a different Greggs each week, yes, that would be a nice little project to add some meaning to my humdrum life.

- [Previously](/2024/07/week-280):

  > Had tofu two nights on the trot. Not quite explicably this led me to seek out the <i>Brass Eye</i>–esque title sequence of the Piers Morgan programme, as I recall phrases like “<apan class="caps">woke insanity</apan>” appear in large geometric sans serif lit up by lasers, but pfft/I couldn’t find it.

  Reader, I found the title sequence, with its giant brain spinning around a globe among laser beams,
  and can recommend [Gifski](https://gif.ski/) as a most excellent app for making animated short GIFs from longer videos.
  Yes I know that GIF is an imperfect format. Here are ["the world's gone nuts"](https://crap.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/astromega/nginx/html/joshuagoodw.in/media/the%20worlds%20gone%20nuts.gif), ["woke insanity"](https://crap.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/astromega/nginx/html/joshuagoodw.in/media/woke%20insanity%202.gif) (perhaps that could do with being shorter), [etc.](https://crap.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/astromega/nginx/html/joshuagoodw.in/media/wake%20up.gif), to use as one sees fit. But it's hard to be unserious/ironic on the internet without being mistaken for being serious/unironic.
