---
layout: post
title: "Week 283: so refined"
date: 2024-08-19 11:34:00 +0100
---

- Late on Friday afternoon, hopped on a bus to Southwold, where you couldn't move for badly parked Volvos, billowy stripy trousers and pastel colours. Took in the fresh sea air, had an unevenly filled vegetable samosa, stopped in Lowestoft on the way back for some horrible ale. Years ago, I remember hearing a fellow on about Southwold, _it's so refined_ he said ... I don't know why that's so memorable.

  <!-- ([This is a bang-on review of that ale.](https://untappd.com/user/Bearded_BeerBlog/checkin/1409235297)) -->

- I'm not familiar with the character, it's not part of my culture, but [the Snoopy Apple Watch face](https://support.apple.com/is-is/guide/watch/apde9218b440/watchos#apd5533f7e3d) is a masterpiece, the best thing Apple has done in recent memory. Learning that the cartoon dog flies the same kind of aeroplane as the fictional pilot Biggles dredged up a memory of hearing an outlandish drama on Radio 4 Extra in which Biggles possibly went to Mars or the Moon and/or battled some Martians, but I can find no record of such a thing, strange. 

- The robot vacuum cleaner's rechargeable battery was knackered, so I thought about getting a normal old-fashioned hoover or something of that nature, but nah I just got a new battery. I had to watch two YouTube videos, and crucially read a comment recommending the use of pliers, to complete the replacement.

  On that side of things, the shouty YouTube product tester ["Project Farm" is indeed breathless magic](https://www.relay.fm/rd/240). Of course the videos are of limited usefulness, not just because so many products are specific to America – e.g. assessing coffee machines on the basis of how many gallons of coffee they hold is crazy, but I suppose goes some way to explaining the man's energetic delivery.
