---
layout: post
title: "Week 255"
date: 2024-02-04 19:00:00 +0000
---

- Cleaned the oven door. I’d tried before using various products, but the thing that worked was [this sharp-bladed scraper that professional window cleaners use](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Unger-CDU170-G-Ergotec-Window-Scraper/dp/B00CLQUPI8). The glass is so clean and see-through now, I keep switching on the oven light just to admire how clean it is. Best thing I’ve done all year. 

  Come back next week, probably, when the glass has shattered mid-roast because the scraping damaged it.

- On a bus, upstairs, I noticed one of the windows visibly trembling.
  Then it loosened beyond a wobble, until it was flapping about, only attached on one edge, threatening to fly into oncoming traffic and maim someone.
  (I'd have taken a picture or video, but my phone camera was on selfie mode and I was too startled by the image of my face.)
  Fortunately, the driver noticed and stopped at the next stop. Imagine if something terrible had happened due to my hesitancy to dash downstairs to raise the alarm – I'd've felt guilty, but the maimee would've felt worse.

- The huge news is that I felt impelled to write [a non-weeknotes blog post](/2024/02/crooks-last-dinner-party).
  (Even thought about continuing the cadence for the whole month but pfft.)
  And now today <cite>The Sunday Times</cite>, supposedly a newspaper of record, has [repeated](https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/the-last-dinner-party-album-prelude-to-ecstasy-members-cvm6vwr7p) that seemingly Wikipedia-sourced probable lie, as if they learned nothing from [the Hitler Diaries hoax](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hitler_Diaries).

- Apart from the beauty of collective bargaining and all that, an under-celebrated benefit of the railway workers' industrial action ("train strikes") is all the yellow-stickered "reduced for quick sale" perishable goods there were in the shop at the station.

  (Remember when Jeremy Clarkson said striking public sector workers should be shot ... in the previous breath, he'd actually said the strikes were "fantastic" [because there was less traffic on the roads], but then "we have to balance it though, don't we, because this is the BBC" ... it annoys me that it annoys me when people omit that context, because he would never do something like that, [oh wait](https://brokenbottleboy.substack.com/p/arrested-simply-for-being-jeremy "TV's most famous fake farmer shows he (and his editors at The Sunday Times) care diddly squat about quoting accurately.").)

- Two chances to take in some live stand-up,
  fumbled by (a) completely forgetting – why didn't I put it in iCal? – and (b) being unable to find the venue, a venue I'd been to at least twice before, only later realising that _it moved last year_ (to somewhere I've walked past loads of times) (I've updated OpenStreetMap and tried to update Apple Maps now).

- Premium meal deal fans: the Sainsbury’s spiced butternut and whipped feta wrap is good by the way.
  When I've met those ingredients in the past, I've been unimpressed, but together in a tortilla wrap? Amazing.
