---
layout: post
title: "Week 281: plastic Nigel bottles"
date: 2024-08-05 11:01:00 +0100
---

- It feels like the whole of Essex (Joey, David)
  has been in touch to say they can't [track First Essex buses](https://bustimes.org/operators/first-essex/map) on my website,
  only on the First Bus app, and to ask tricky philosophical questions like is there a reason and is it permanent.
  Of course it's gratifying that they prefer my thing to the official one, and I'm relieved that I don't sell an app for which they could demand refunds.

  (There's [an indie app](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/bus-savvy-uk-live-locations/id1531470642) that has cheekily reverse-engineered various bus operators' apps rather than using open data, so what's preventing me doing the same? The threat of First's lawyers' flat-nosed geezers?)

  By the way, this is a weird bit of the First Bus website's [terms of use](https://www.firstbus.co.uk/terms-use#:~:text=You%20must%20obtain%20professional%20or%20specialist%20advice%20before%20taking%2C%20or%20refraining%20from%2C%20any%20action%20on%20the%20basis%20of%20the%20content%20on%20our%20website) (which also prohibit linking to them):

  > You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our website.

  So you're telling me I _must_ obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, _any_ action? Like I should ask a dentist before waiting for a bus on the basis of the timetable? What else could it mean? And in fact the terms of use are part of the content on their website, so I must obtain advice before obtaining advice.

- This week I mostly watched <i>Veep</i> for the first time, a small delight.

- Someone has written "Nigel Farage is a horrible dickhead" on a litter/recycling bin.
  It's a noble sentiment, if not as nice a turn of phrase as "Gary Sambrook eats big dinners". Actually, the other words on the bin make it "plastic Nigel bottles..." and I feel the writer could have tried harder to incorporate them into the message, "litter" is just a few dabs of paint away from "Hitler" etc.
