---
layout: post
title: "Week 259: Delta and the Bannermen"
date: 2024-03-03 21:37:00 +0000
---

- Some work, but it might be too boring to write about.

- Looked at some products for treating athlete's foot, obviously.
  The Amazon website has AI-generated summaries of customer reviews,
  and one of the summaries makes up the fact that one of the antifungal sprays is a deodorant, hmm.

  (The main problem with all the products is that walking and gravity make the stuff drip off your feet and mess up the floor instead of adhering to the feet and treating the disgusting infection. Unless you walk on your hands, which comes with its own problems.)

- (Last week) the bicycle was making noises,
  sounding more like a cheap acoustic coffee grinder than the proverbial well-oiled machine,
  and I was filled with dread at having to diagnose which bit of what needed lubricating.
  But, it turned out, I'd routed the chain so it was rubbing against a metal tab, which was easy to identify and fix,
  and looking forward to fixing it even made the riding with the noisy chain more tolerable.
  So that's somehow interesting.

- Accidentally dropped my AirPods case in a shallow puddle of olive oil, and now the case continues to sort of weep olive oil.

- To the Diss Corn Hall again to see
  [Mike Wozniak](https://beef-and-dairy-network-podcast.fandom.com/wiki/Mike_Wozniak "bovine arse vet Bob Trescothick")’s
  storytelling show, the sort of thing I'd hate the idea of if it involved someone worse than Woziak.
  Alas, my seat was so uncomfortable as to become a distraction.
  (Less of a long cold wait at the railway station this time, because I had the big coat and the trains are more frequent on weeknights.)

- Echo & the Bunnymen. (Apparently the <cite>Doctor Who</cite> story <cite>Delta and the Bannermen</cite> was named in their honour, not the other way round.)

- [Garth Crooks/The Last Dinner Party](/2024/02/crooks-last-dinner-party) update: GC is no longer mentioned on TLDP's Wikipedia page.
  The discourse these days is is more preoccupied with whether the band's members went to posh expensive schools.
