---
layout: post
title: "Week 256: Caesar salad days"
date: 2024-02-11 23:42:00 +0000
---

- I like John Constable's
  "I never saw an ugly thing in my life: for let the form of an object be what it may,
  – light, shade, and perspective will always make it beautiful."
  It's a lovely sentiment, but sometimes things make me doubt –
  like the BMW iX (Larry David's character has one in the new season of <cite>Curb Your Enthusiasm</cite>),
  and those hairless cats.

- To Liverpool and back. I wasn't on the LIV–NRW train that derailed – not quite "narrowly avoided", but "broadly avoided" isn't right either.

- James Acaster (a).
  It's profligate and selfish to go to see more than one date of a sold-out tour,
  but. There were things I didn't remember from last time, and other things I'd forgotten.

- The Go! Team (h), a more superlative live proposition than I'd expected.

- Janine Harouni (h). She said "C-section" several times, and I wondered if that would annoy Caesar if he were around
  – is it Caesar erasure?
  At least he's still got the salad – "C-salad" is too ambiguous (Cobb, chicken).

  - 2024 is the centenary of Caesar salad. What are we all planning to celebrate?

    Is it arrogant to name a salad after oneself, or is it worse to take credit for a salad someone else invented?
    The restaurateur who the Caesar salad's named after is broadly credited with inventing it too,
    but I don't know if the name was his idea.

- Apart from that, ugh.
  My problem with eating globe artichokes is it involves too much admin, so imagine what actual admin is like.
