---
layout: post
title: "Week 270: one in one out policy"
date: 2024-05-19 19:18:00 +0100
---

- The newest series of Jer [<i>Clarkson's Farm</i>](/2023/02/week-204#:~:text=Clarkson%E2%80%99s%20Farm "previously") covers some ground I'm already well-acquainted with – George Lamb's regeneratively farmed wheat, growing mushrooms, the moral imperative to eat venison – but/so the biggest revelation is that there's a quite good Norwegian weather app, presumably [Yr](https://www.yr.no/en). It is good.

- This week, there’s been a news story about Clarkson being voted a sexiest man.
  No offence to the leathery repellent, but needless to say it’s a bullshit concoction intended to promote an obscure dating site; let's say the poll was less rigorous than the <i>Driver Power</i> survey.
  Well done to the public relations people responsible
  – it's less harmful than working than working for the oil, tobacco, or weapons industries, so they can sleep soundly
  – but none of the newspapers' coverage actually links to the website, so it might not have met their marketing objectives. 
  (If they want another publicity stunt, perhaps they could legally threaten the owner of the homophone _elicit_ encounters dot com.)

  Anyway, it gives me an idea for something, like a poll to find the most average bus route or the most algal bus shelter, for the furtherance of my own business interests.

- To London's Conway Hall for the Interesting conference, or just Interesting as some of the cooler people call it.
  It was lovely and interesting as advertised, so thanks and well done to everyone.

- The parental house-move approaches its climax, and there's still so much _stuff_, it makes me reflect on my own stuff.
  I purport to have a <i>one in, one out</i> policy, but I've still got two kettles.
  Not owning a car is, in some way, helpful in limiting the size and number of things one can accumulate.

  Years after I broke my second [Chemex (a flawed coffee maker made of glass)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikt-X5x7yoc), I finally gave away the remaining filters on [Olio](/2022/04/week-160), which took too many days of negotiations and rescheduling – partly my fault for, at first, not letting the app send me notifications, but now it's pestering me about all the mouldering sandwiches being given away nearby. Now I'm monitoring eBay for Bromptons.

- My iCloud storage has become full, and it's a big leap from 200GB to 2TB – damn you, Ian Cloud. So what do I do, delete some photos? Of a packet of Hula Hoops I had in 2016? No.

  On that side of things, I recently learned about [how the order of table columns in PostgreSQL matters](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/database/ordering_table_columns.html), and I have some big tables that I now know are occupying disk inefficiently, but their size is proportional to the amount of ache in the arse it is to reorder columns, so I'll never be happy.

