---
layout: post
title: "Week 355: strung out"
date: 2026-01-04 21:54:00 +0000
---

- This week I’ve been mostly coughing and feeling sorry for myself. I wish I'd been more careful about sanitising my hands etc. when I went on all that public transport the day after I'd weakened my immune system by binge drinking. I am grateful to my body for producing mucus, it means the system's working to flush out bacteria and viruses, but I'd like my voice back soon thanks.

- Even so, I was more gregarious than usual, we saw the sea and some smaller bodies of water, the winter coat got some good airings.

- Happy new year. I like the idea of starting a film [or programme](/2023/11/week-243#:~:text=%F0%9F%93%BA%20Finished%20enjoying-,Starstruck,-(a%20New%20Years "Starstruck") at a certain time in order to experience midnight at the same time as the people in the television, but I couldn't find a good list of suggestions with timings, and I was too tired to stay up much past midnight.

  (I'm embarrassed on behalf of everyone who let off fireworks minutes before midnight, or earlier – have we forgotten how to synchronise our watches? But maybe I'm being narrow-minded, time is a construct, people are free to light fireworks whenever.)

- Snow. Alas, I was too strung out on Lemsip to take any photos while the snow was falling and the light was pretty, and soon it had gone grey and melty.

  (I've never actually used Lemsip, but "own brand paracetamol and crowdfunded honey" doesn't sound as good.)
