---
layout: post
title: "Week 370"
date: "2026-04-21 15:13:00 +0100"
---

- In Lidl, I was so impressed by someone who seemed to know his 17-digit Lidl Plus membership number off by heart.
  But it wasn't his membership number – turns out, in lieu of scanning your Lidl Plus card, which is not a real card but a QR code on an app unless you print it out yourself, you can tell the checker-outer your phone number, which is a less unusual thing to remember.

- To Blackpool, a charming place to go for a few days, and not just so you can post a picture of the tower with the caption "Paris is divine at this time of year".

  The complimentary (Hamilton by Hilton) hotel breakfast was nasty, but it's partly my fault for being too scared to use the conveyor-belt toaster machine I'd heard so much about but never met one before, or the autoclave/centrifuge they had for making waffles.

  Despite it being relevant to my interests, I was not sticking around for the [UK Coach Rally](https://coachdisplays.co.uk/) which was to happen there at the weekend, but you bet I was excited to see some of the exhibitors setting up and a new Volvo B13R UNVI XL arriving before I left.

- In Blackpool I took in James Acaster’s show. For reasons, he was supported by a Luther Vandross tribute act, who was a consummate professional in the face of an understandably nonplussed audience, and performed for just long enough to justify his being there but maybe longer than some of would us have liked. For the same reasons, the interval and pre- and post-show music was marvellously the Mike Flowers Pops album <i>A Groovy Place</i>.

- I am grateful for some of the patchy 4G connectivity along the West Coast Main Line for saving me from sending a slightly nonsense typo-ridden message. In a more developed country it would have sent before I had a chance to switch on Airplane Mode to stop it in its tracks.
