---
layout: post
title: "Week 361: the best pen is the pen you have with you"
date: 2026-02-17 17:10:00 +0000
---

- Got some olives with the pits/stones still in them.
  I know they're probably tastier than olives that have been pitted/stoned, which confusingly means de-pitted/de-stoned,
  but it's a such a lot of admin to eat around the stones and spit them out. It's not the biggest problem going on now, but it's up there.

- Noticed a lot of people using the word "anyways" instead of "anyway".
  I was going to decry this as an Americanism, and puce-of-face protest
  that _in this country_ maths is plural and anyway is singular. But
  evidence suggests that it's nothing of the sort, and there's multilateral agreement that it's "anyway",
  but maybe we have to let it go and accept that language evolves.

- Years ago – in 2012, apparently,
  I blogged about it but the archives that far back are a bit patchy – I bought some Zebra
  Sarasa pens and too many uni-ball Signo refills – they're slightly nicer than, but handily
  the same size as, the stock Zebra ones. Now there's still plenty of ink in them,
  but they've dried up, and the usual fixes – standing them in hot
  water etc. – don't really work. It's like the time I self-restrainedly
  saved the chocolates from my advent calendar only for them to go stale and horrible, and learnt some kind of valuable lesson.

  - The great [proselint](/2025/03/week-312) informs me that "in hot water" is a cliché, but I was using it in the literal "in a cup of stuff from a recently boiled kettle" sense. Maybe I should switch that feature off, but I can cheat by putting a linebreak in the Markdown.

  Anyway. A pen drying up after 14 years is not bad, frankly it's to be expected, but it makes me think maybe recherché pens that you can only buy on the internet aren't all they're cracked up to be, and the best pen is one you can buy from any Tesco Express. The uni-ball Eye is popular and I like the freer-flowing ink.

- I want to clarify that [a vegan who eats prawns](/2026/01/week-357) is a fine thing to be – it's still doing your bit to eat fewer animal products and destroy the environment less. I bought some nutritional yeast flakes this week.

  Writing these weeknotes is a weekly consitpated struggle, but I promise I will never use a large language model to help. I use a lot of dashes, but I hope you all notice that they're en dashes, generally favoured by British style guides, not the longer em ones common in LLM shite. I do want to have a go on Claude Code for _some things_,  but I still want to be able to badmouth my enemies for being AI jockeys.
