---
layout: post
title: "Week 360"
date: 2026-02-11 12:18:00 +0000
---

- Went to Brighton for a few hours, a long way to go for a short time and nebulous reasons. Partly to escape the neighbours’ noisy kitchen/bathroom renovations, and to make something of the last few days of my 26–30 Railcard, but mostly to see if the Ikea there had any of the big plates I’d looked for last week. And it did, and they’re really quite big.

  The Brighton Ikea is nicely centrally located, and not too overwhelmingly big, but it loses some points for not having any big chimneys outside like the Croydon one does.

- After returning home late, and having to unwind by watching a review of the 1998 Honda Accord, I slept late, and when I awoke bustimes.org had been broken for some hours.

  It's always bots isn't it. Bots can run JavaScript these days, which feels like finding out that Daleks can go up stairs. (I know both have been the case for some time, one for much longer than the other.) And sometimes they cravenly hide behind [residential proxy/embedded-SDK networks](https://en.osm.town/@osm_tech/115968544599864782). (Did you know that if you make an app or internet-connected device, you can get paid for sort of renting out your users' internet connections for web scraping purposes? But please don't.)

  The website being monetised with advertising has some ramifications. I have to allow bots that do supposedy valuable things like checking that the website is respectable enough for advertisers to advertise on. But if I muscularly welcome all bot traffic, its starts to look like I'm doing ad fraud (because bots can run JavaScript these days).

- One of my eyelids swelled up for a few days last week. They've been prone to inflammation for as long as I can remember, such that I've even been accused of wearing eyeliner (guyliner?), but this time no one noticed so I didn't get to say you should have seen the other guy. I read in the
  gutter press that one of Ant and Dec had a similar problem recently, a blocked tear duct apparently, not sure if that's from too much or not enough crying. I nearly cried at how quickly one of the teams solved the connecting wall in the <i>Only Connect</i> final.
