---
layout: post
title: "Week 362"
date: 2026-02-24 15:01:00 +0000
---

- To leafy
  leafy London ([Hopefully
  a Few Laughs](https://cadoganhall.com/whats-on/hopefully-a-few-laughs-with-lou-sanders-and-ivo-graham/) at the Cadogan Hall).

  Because I'm too chill to run I had to spend 59 minutes waiting for the next train. There are some newish power sockets at Liverpool Street station, even some USB Type-C ones, but I couldn't find a working one, some of them are upwards-facing and have been crapped on by pigeons, I'm broadly pigeon-positive but it felt sordid and inglorious.

- A bit fascinated by a new, vibe-coded looking competitor to bustimes.org, wheresthebus.co.uk. I've found some problems with it, e.g. they've weirdly hallucinated the names of some bus operating companies, but it's accumulating new features apace and I shouldn't sneer, I should thank the slop jockeys for motivating me to pull my head out of my arse and fix the many problems with my own stuff.

- Bought some bleach.
  Do you know I’d never bought bleach before? I’m suspicious of it, it’s bad for septic tanks and stuff, but I can't deny that it’s made the toilet look cleaner than any amount of scrubbing with namby-pamby toilet cleaning liquid ever did.
  I know it just whitens limescale instead of removing it, but that’s OK – if you think about it, the accumulation of limescale forms a protective coating and it's like getting more toilet for
  free.

- It's a point of pride that I don't know about IQ. It feels a bit eugenics-adjacent isn't it? I'd like to say that, like ounces and Fahrenheit, I don't know what sort of number is considered a high one, or even if a higher or lower one is "better". (Pretty sure I've got a high one though.)
