---
layout: post
title: "Week 367: windy"
date: 2026-03-29 23:44:00 +0100
---

- Hasn't it been windy? They should try using it to make electricity.

- To Great Yarmouth for an unmentionably boring reason, but I warmly recommend walking many miles and having some average beer and chips.

- To North England, to see gathered relatives and common law spouses.

  I forgot to pack headphones for the several-hour train journey, but <s>thank goodness for mobile phone speakers</s> I was very brave and endured, and I'm determined that I can go the several days here and the return journey with nothing in my ears, i.e. without buying a materially wasteful other pair. Although I lose headphones often enough that it wouldn't make a significant difference.

- There were some football-related bus diversions in Liverpool, and Merseytravel's idiosyncratic printed publicity has just a fairly meaningless un-visual list of roads, but thanks to an obscure feature of the bustimes.org website I could see the diversion route in relation to where I was on a map – in that moment, suddenly years of work had been worth it – so thanks to whoever's responsible for that.

  (Thanks to well-intentioned but imperfect legislation, of course the bus was fitted with the [mandatory audiovisual equipment](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/providing-accessible-information-onboard-local-bus-and-coach-services) they have these days, but like most it hadn't been set up properly and was just displaying the time, and not even the correct time. It's such a shame and a waste, but I wouldn't say "it beggars belief" or anything like that – it's computers, have you met computers?)
