---
layout: post
title: "Week 369"
date: 2026-04-14 19:19:00 +0100
---

- The apparent discontinuation of Patum Peperium Gentleman's Relish – the brackish anchovy spread, not a euphemism – might not be the worst news, but it feels typical, isn't it just typical? Some people are holding out hope that it's a publicity stunt, like all the times Heinz has stopped making salad cream ... for an hour, but I don't think so. I thought I still had a pot or two in a cupboard, and some of the salmon-based Poacher's Relish too, but no – I know it's so salty that use-by dates don't really apply, but I threw them away because it's bad for the old blood pressure.

  Do you know I've had a blog post about the stuff in my drafts folder for more than ten years? I suppose I can delete it now. Past me found it interesting that the smaller pots were somehow cheaper per gram than the larger pots, but I might have got that wrong, and I didn't think it was interesting enough to finish and publish it.

  There's still an [Italian anchovy paste](https://www.waitrose.com/ecom/products/lusso-vita-anchovy-paste/527275-287942-287943) that comes in a tube that's disquietingly similar to toothpaste.

- Some work. I did one of all the things I've been thinking about and putting off for ages, and stuck [Vinyl (fka Varnish)](https://vinyl-cache.org) in front of the website, and it is good. I'd been making do with Cloudflare's support for the `CDN-Cache-Control` header, but to do things like caching a different version of certain pages for visitors in Ireland [I'd have needed to jump on a call with an enterprise salesperson](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cache/how-to/cache-keys/#user-features), no thank you. And now I'm slightly closer to being able to dispense with Cloudflare one day if I want to.
