---
layout: post
title: "Week 366: freekeh"
date: 2026-03-26 14:05:00 +0000
---

- Found out last week that freekeh – a sort of foodstuff superficially similar to couscous or rice – isn't a valid word in Scrabble. I'd wanted to play it across two double word scores. Anyway I'm having a break from Scrabble.

  I was going to say it's a sort of foodstuff [the Financial Times would probably italicise](/2023/06/week-222#:~:text=like%20how%20they%E2%80%99d-,italicised,-words%20like%20baba), but that's unfair – see this [chicken and freekeh tray bake recipe](https://www.ft.com/content/3c782de7-7aa7-4fd9-821a-2742441176d5). (Reading the Financial Times for the recipes is the new reading Playboy for the articles, etc.)

- Despite what I said last week, I got a new computer in line with company policy and it being nearly the end of the tax year. And hurried to John Lewis to buy my first Thunderbolt cable to make the Migration Assistant migration take fewer hours, and now I have a thick cable I've no further use for.

  The computer is fast, even more faster than the servers (and clients) my stuff ends up running on, especially while DigitalOcean has no availability of its best servers with the good CPUs. I bet the shortage has something to do with AI – either its effects on the supply chain, or DO being distracted by new shite to excite the stock market – and I dread and wonder about moving to Hetzner or Amazon or the romantic idea of renting some space in a datacentre in Long Stratton.

- Trod something from outside into the carpet – maybe pesto, or some poo from the dog of a different bananas former comedy writer to last time. But it was nothing that Dr Beckmann's Carpet Stain Remover couldn't clean up, and I wonder where Dr Beckmann ranks in the Oetker/Bronner/Pepper/Who standings.
