---
layout: post
title: "Week 371: national skip database"
date: "2026-04-29 14:16:00 +0100"
---

- I walked up a hill and saw a snake in a pond, while listening to a podcast about the man who reviews tinned fish watched longingly by a dog in short videos on the internet.

- [roadworks.me.uk](https://roadworks.me.uk/) keeps existing, hoarding details of all the roadworks in England for no obvious reason but eventually I want the map on bustimes.org to show ⛔ where there are road closures. It shouldn't be a surprise that the data is bit of a mess, but it's OK, I'm just jolly grateful that it exists at all.

  One of the things about it is it includes the location of every skip on a public highway. (A skip is superficially similar to a dumpster.) If you don't think about it for very long, you might wonder what's the point of that, but it could be game-changer for dumpster divers. I would like to find a nice dining chair in a skip, but selfishly they're usually full of all rubble and old sinks and stuff.

- Watched at least two thirds of the <i>Twenty Twelve</i>, <i>W1A</i>, etc sort of trilogy for the first time, which was amusing enough I suppose. The saying of the word "yes" is elevated to something special, like a vegan restaurant roasting a whole cauliflower. Here's the thing, one of the characters frequently says "so that's all good", which is one word away from "so that's good", a phrase I've used nearly ten times in past weeknotes here, and I would hate for anyone to think that was not a total coincidence but really an inept misquote.
