---
layout: post
title: Weeks 41 &amp; 42
date: 2020-01-05 23:34:00 +0000
---

A fortnight is a long while.

We ate some pheasant and some potatoes and things, and we hosted a good doggo.
Super.

More recently, I spent an afternoon feeling like how I imagine a chicken feels
after greedily eating a frog. Then I was a bit disappointed that, upon feeling
normal again, I didn't feel tremendously uplifted by the recovery.

---

I clicked on an toenail fungus related programmatic advert on [Andrew
Collings's blog][col]. This might justify a content warning, but the phrase
"toenail fungus" is the worst of the content, so how would that help? – like
lots of the content warnings I see on Twitter where a fast reader has read the
rest of the tweet or seen the picture almost as soon as they've read the
warning.

It led to an engrossing video – just a disembodied voice speaking over some
stark typography. The disembodied voice tells their story, of which there are a
few different versions – <cite>My Wife’s Nail Fungus Almost Killed Her</cite>,
<cite>My Father's Nail Fungus Nearly Killed Him</cite> – culminating in a plea
to buy some expensive and dodgy pills, ideally six bottles full. I reckon they
do multivariate testing with different videos and different pill names (Clear
Nails Plus, Pure Nails Pro) and so on, which is probably more rigorous than the
science behind the pills themselves.

Anyway, I quite admire the [plucky entrepreneurialism](/2018/04/index-of). I do have a benign
fungus, like Cousin Greg from <cite>Succession</cite>, but "this product is not
intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease" is quite a disclaimer.

---

Of course I dislike Jere-May Hammond's <cite>The Grand Tour</cite> and
everything it stands for, but it's sometimes entertaining, especially if you
think the characters – characters, not presenters – are parodies of offensive
dickheads. And you can enjoy the high production values, and learn about all
different parts of the world.

There's a bit in the fourteenth episode of the third serie where a character
recounts a scene from his childhood, seeing his father's new Ford Cortina for
the first time, which is illustrated by him standing on a street where some
relevant cars are parked. And in the background a double-decker bus drives past
– I'm quite sure it's First South Yorkshire's 37231/YN08 LCL, a Wright bodied
Volvo B9TL painted in Rotherham Corporation "heritage" livery (part of the
odd trend of private companies drumming up nostalgia for their state owned
forebears), and I've added a picture to [the Internet Movie Cars Database][imcdb]
(content warning: Clarkson's face). But did the programme's producers go to the
trouble of getting a bus in a historically accurate livery to drive past, or is
it happy accident? I wonder.

Also, there's a chilling bit where the characters say how great police
brutality – specifically, the practice of pigs using their motor cars to maim
motorcycling motorcyclists, in case they are mobile phone thieves – is, and the
studio audience cheer along with the sentiment.

[col]: https://wherediditallgorightblog.wordpress.com/
[imcdb]: https://www.imcdb.org/vehicle.php?id=1337609
