---
layout: post
title: "Week 54"
date: 2020-03-30 23:59:00 +0100
---

- Some work. Now ingesting timetable data from more different sources, which
  I'd been unhurriedly working towards for some time but necessity is the
  mother of invention. The point is that the more different sources are more
  up to date, which is useful when all the timetables have necessarily been
  changing hurriedly.

  The English [Bus Open Data Service](https://www.bus-data.dft.gov.uk/) was
  launched a few months ago, and one of its advantages is that data can be
  updated more quickly, but it's not been much use as only a few proactive
  operators are using using it so far, and even fewer have updated their data
  in the last week or so. If the pandemic could have waited a year, it would
  would have been great, but viruses don't care about public transport
  information.

  Oh well, the older Traveline National Dataset [has been updating more
  frequently than usual](https://www.travelinedata.org.uk/traveline-open-data/data-reporting/) –
  in the past I've imagined a donkey pulling a rope to turn a wheel to work the
  interconnected computer systems, but that would be an unfair characterisation.
  👏 to all involved.

- Another little database outage this weekend. I mention it because it's nice for me to be able to look back and see that,
  for example, [it's been two months since the previous outage](/2020/01/week-45) – getting better.
  I took a while to fix this one, possibly because it had been so long since
  the last one, so I wonder if I ought to write me an "incident response playbook",
  although that sounds like too grand and professional a phrase for just one
  dude in his underpants.

- I rashly pre-ordered a year of Disney+ subscription a few weeks ago. Then
  Disney+ launched here this week, and I realised that, apart from maybe some
  badly cropped episodes of <cite>The Simpsons</cite>, I have no interest in any of the
  content on Disney+. I phoned up to obtain a refund, which was fine, and make me
  feel like I'd achieved something that day.

- Ingeniously, they've stuck labels on the floor of the big Morrisons, near the
  tills, at I guess two metre intervals, to help queuers keep a safe distance
  from one another. There's a temptation to leap from one label to the next,
  like they're lily pads, but that's not the point at all.

  I trust someone's working on a computer game where you have to go about while
  keeping two metres from other people.

Now wash your hands.
