---
layout: post
title: "Week 91"
date: 2020-12-15 02:11:00 +0000
---

- As a change from looking at the comments on newspaper websites,
  I looked at a forum where some angry presumably men were arguing about surround sound.
  And how comforting it is to see an argument about something that actually doesn't matter.

- Down another rabbit hole, I came across <cite>The Forme of Cury</cite>.
  Isn't written Middle English funny, ha ha.

    > Tak water and do it in a panne to the fyre and lat yt sethe and after tak eggs and brek hem and cast hem in the water and after tak a chese and kerf yt on fowr partins and cast in the water and wanne the chese and the eggys ben wel sodyn tak hem owt of the water and wasch hem in clene water and tak wastel breed and temper yt wyth mylk of a kow. and after do yt over the fyre and after forsy yt wyth gyngener and wyth cornyn and colowr yt wyth safroun and lye yt wyth eggys and oyle the sewe wyth Boter and kep wel the chese owt and dresse the sewe and dymo eggys thereon al ful and kerf thy chese in lytyl schyms and do hem in the sewe wyth eggys and serve yt forthe.

  You know, I think someone from a free market thinktank cooked and tweeted a picture of that the other day.
  But seriously, of course [various folks](http://zohanefaber.blogspot.com/) (not to mention serious people not on the internet) have
  made proper attempts to follow various recipes.

- I felt a bit poorly, but only for a day – what an impressive recovery.

- Someone had daubed one of the most profane profanities, and some anatomically incorrect genitalia, on the frontage of a fishmongery.
  I guess the perp doesn't like fish, fair enough, but the quality of the graffito was shockingly poor.
  (Actually, on closer examination of the photo I took, which I'm happy to share with anyone who emails in, I can see that I was a bit harsh.)