---
layout: post
title: "Week 79"
date: 2020-09-21 21:23:00 +0100
---

- Some work. I let a so-called "SSL certificate" expire, which
  is embarrassing. (It can ∴ ought to/should be automated.)
  I was outdoors when I noticed that something was wrong, and on the iPhone it manifested
  itself as a mysterious networking error that I convinced myself wasn't my fault. (I see [the Android error message is more detailed, as well as alarming](https://twitter.com/Ashleybus44/status/1306651716759302144).)

- I don't have many thoughts about iOS 14, because come on. As some kind of plutocrat, I am pleased that the experience of using AirPods and switching between devices is much improved.

  The wristwatch can now remind you to wash your hands when you get home, which I can verify works. And it can also, allegedly, detect when you're washing your hands and start a timer, which, despite campily exaggerating the way I washed my hands, I couldn't make work. I even tried telling Siri "hello I am washing my hands" and "start a handwashing timer", but it was all "u wot m8". _Then_ I was washing some dishes and lo, a timer started. (I suppose the folks who design these things all use dishwasing machines.)

- This is my space to record that I had some heavily discounted goat curry and it was OK and I don't mind that some stuck in my teeth.
  I'm sure there was also some food that hadn't been ordered,
  which is always nice – who knows if it's normal, and/or the product of disorganisation or the milk of human kindness.

- I've been listening to Adam and Joe's old XFM programmes, [thanks to the lovely power of RSS feeds](https://fourble.co.uk/podcast/adamandjoexfm) which aren't dead. 2003–2006 really was a different time, as evinced by a few things (e.g. something a bit ignorant about the Wachowskis) I noticed because I'm not a monster, but I also understand that it was, as I said, a different time.

- I commend to you David Tennant's chilling performance as ... Denis Norden? Harry Nilsson? Creepy.

- Bicycle pedal update. I removed the old busted bicycle pedals, which took
  lots of straining until suddenly it became very easy, and put the new ones on. Cool story.

  One of the things about bicycle pedals is that, to stop it unscrewing during pedalling,
  the thread goes "the wrong way" on one the pedals.
  To be precise, the left pedal. If you give it no thought, you might nod along
  happily with why it's the left pedal; if you give it a bit of thought, you
  might start to have questions because based on the way the pedals rotate
  during pedalling. Sheldon Brown, the best Sheldon, [has a good enough
  explanation that I will remember](https://www.sheldonbrown.com/pedals.html#threading).
  (It's because of "precession", an effect that can be demonstrated with a pencil and a pair of hands.)
