---
layout: post
title: "Week 44: it’s Patrick, he took out life insurance"
date: 2020-01-20 21:00:00 +0000
---

What happened this week?

I went to look at some flats. Doing these sorts of things at the start of a new year feels a bit naff, but they take long enough to sort out that, before you know it, it’s no longer the start of the year.

One of the flats, which I didn’t really fancy, was in a former Norwich Union office building. It was quite something to imagine all the insurance claims that must have been assessed in there. Amazing.

Canadians of a certain age, apparently, will be familiar with Norwich Union from a long-running, maybe even iconic, television ad, [“it’s Patrick, he took out life insurance”](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzPyu2XbV4U). It depicts an unrealistic telephone conversation, but was, one assumes, cheap and effective without any CGI mongooses or talking geckos. Incidentally, this week a nice man sold me some income protection insurance, and I hope I wasn't fleeced.

Now, flats – there’s a mild undercurrent of angst about the process of _referencing_ and stuff. But I was listening to the [Fake Heiress](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/m000c9mb) documentary series (which features some slightly dodgy acting – but I was disappointed when it ended), about how Anna Sorokin larcened grandly by writing cheques to herself, pretending to be her bank, etc. I'm actually not a fraudster, and intend to pay for things with my own money that I have, so it ought to go fabulously smoothly.

---

Back to gathering empty cans from the sides of some roads – an unusual amount of Special Brew ones recently, as if the Royal Danish Court have been been al fresco drinking here. Cycled past some folks doing the same sort of thing (gathering, not drinking), and felt like high-fiving them.
