---
layout: post
title: "Week 70"
date: 2020-07-20 23:59:00 +0100
---

- I have resisted going on too much about breadmaking. [Last time](/2020/04/week-56), I was all haughty and "it's not that difficult", but recently I think I've been mistreating my levain and it's been showing, and I don't actually like overly sour or crusty bread. Where has it all gone wrong? There's going to be some soul-searching.

- I bought a big boy bicycle pump, because it's hard to inflate tyres fully with a minimalist little portable pump, although it's also an invigorating cardio workout. Quite big, but it came in an even bigger enormous great big box, almost London rental opportunity sized. Cool story. One night I'm going to spend the night in the box, for banter.

- Tyres pumped effortlessly firm, I went and cycled and stood on some ants and some ants stood on me and now we're even.

- To the Apple shop. This time my temperature was perfect. I used to think, especially after last week, that maybe my usual body temperature was unusually high, because sometimes my forehead and other body parts feel warm, but what if being warm to the touch is just a normal sign of being alive?

- My AirPods ([ooh, get me](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/shortcuts/2019/feb/10/how-did-apples-airpods-go-from-mockery-to-millennial-status-symbol)) have mysteriously renamed themselves, or been renamed, to "Chris's AirPods". Who is Chris, and what claim have they over my AirPods? Very strange.

- Suddenly I had a reason to use some public transport. It was a Sunday, and it turns out that some Sunday timetables aren't quite back to normal, so I had to go a long way all around the coast, taking all afternoon to end up barely an hour away from home. But that was OK, I was secretly delighted, I got to see the sea, and at the end of it all I got to see some relations.
