---
layout: post
title: "Week 66"
date: 2020-06-22 18:59:00 +0100
---

- I was unlocking my bicycle from the rack downstairs – it's not quite the same as [these](https://aseasyasridingabike.wordpress.com/2015/04/24/west-sussex-and-lstf-money-horsham-cycle-parking/), but has the same problems, designed to leave as much space as possible for cramming in motor cars, at the expense of being far less useful than a Sheffield hoop – when a motor car appeared, seemingly reversing straight into me. I backed against the wall and maybe shook my fist at the impertinence. Eventually I realised the motorist was trying to park in his parking space, which he managed after like ten attempts. He looked about 100 years old, and had presumably died in a war, so, adrenaline pumping, I pedalled away before I could be tempted to make a scene.

- [<cite>The Unbelievable Truth</cite>](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b007mf4f), the most bearable Radio 4 parlour game, has returned. Of all the intra-rona[^1] things I've seen and heard, it's the first that's felt so flat. Perhaps it's harder for radio, without the crutch of the novelty of seeing people's curtains and bookshelves. I expect it'll improve as it "beds in" and everyone gets used to the lack of a studio audience and everything.

- My cultural highlight of the week, the thing I've watched most this week, is shopping TV presenter Rob Locke, a character played by actor Rob Locke. [This is the tweet that started it for me](https://twitter.com/davecribb/status/1272309418273751041). It's great to see someone at the top of their game, doing something difficult (presenting unscripted television, three hours at a time) so well. I have found myself watching live, between midnight and 03:00, although more sensible people would just catch bits on YouTube or "on demand". There are obvious comparisons to Brent and Partridge; my observation is that he has the voice of Greg Davies.

- Saw my da with my bare eyes. I believe the verb is "to bubble". Later that day, I felt all tickly in the throat – crivens – but of course that's likely a symptom of hayfever.

- Sad news that the world's largest Budgens, which is around here, has been destroyed by fire, which is a bit like the curse of the world's oldest person. (I wonder which remaining Budgens is now the largest.) It would be churlish to focus on the loss of some expensive quiche, as the main thing is it's a huge blow to the local workers, suppliers, and customers.

<hr class="hr">

[^1]: I was going to say post-rona, but that seems to mean "in the future, when this long nightmare is over", not "after the start of this long nightmare", and I'm assured that intra is the one in between pre and post.
