---
layout: post
title: "Week 81"
date: 2020-10-05 18:15:00 +0100
---

- Well, the weather has been a bit miserable.
  Without the sun streaming in through the windows making the place like a greenhouse, and with less residual heat from the neighbouring flats for some reason, I might finally have to learn how the electric heating works. I already know how to twiddle the knobs on each electric heater until they heat up, but there's a little programmable control panel I'm intimidated by.

- Seen the parcel delivery dude a bit more than usual, by which I mean two or three times over the last few weeks.

   One thing I ordered was some socks which, as far as I can tell, were inexplicably delivered to a building on a distant industrial estate... very strange.

   Another was a ["recipe box"](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2017/nov/01/cooking-for-dummies-rhik-sammader-tests-recipe-uks-top-boxes). You know the deal: pay a startup quite a lot of money (although you've probably got a discount code) and receive a box of just the right amount of individually packaged ingredients to cook some adventurous recipes. Well, I have no regrets – the food was tasty and I'm sure I'll find a use for the woollen insulating packaging – but I won't be letting my subscription go on that long because come on. (Maybe I'll try some of the other different companies' introductory discounts.)

- It occurred to me that I would like to eat a mince pie. And, actually, apparently there are already some mince pies being sold in some shops. But I haven't seen any (or jars or mincemeat) yet.

- My cultural highlight of the week is [this extraordinary interview with Claudia Winkleman](https://play.acast.com/s/offmenu/ep76-claudiawinkleman). Who knew the erstwhile presenter of <cite>Liquid News</cite> would be so anti-liquid?
