---
layout: post
title: "Week 63"
date: 2020-06-02 06:15:00 +0100
---

- Well, shit.

- Rode the bicycle to some kinds of countryside. Found a smashing meadow, and a quiet route past the local sewage works.

- It's been hot, hasn't it? (so hott!!!💯) Some truffles I had for my birthday, not the [dog or hog](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Truffle#Extraction "the best chart on Wikipedia") kind, all melted, forming two enormous megatruffles, showing that natural light, big windows aren't all they're cracked up to be, and maybe there needs to be a hog around to snaffle food before it melts. I'd been being curiously abstemious, despite looking forward to having a useful pot to put things in – a pot marked <span class="caps">truffles</span>, which will be a funny joke when it'll contain teabags or something.

- Some work. Following Michael Green/Sebastian Fox's announcement of some extra coin, _they_ are increasing the frequency of some bus timetables back to more normal levels, which timing I don't fully understand. This motivated me to do more work to ingest more timetable data from more different places ([qv](/2020/03/week-54)).

   - There are some problems with the Bus Open Data Service <span class="caps">(beta)</span>, which I should probably email someone about. Where possible, I've been avoiding it – Stagecoach have [an informative web page](https://www.stagecoachbus.com/open-data); for First, I had to guess some filenames (`http://travelinedatahosting.basemap.co.uk/data/first/FirstHampshireAndDorset.zip`, etc).

   - The TransXChange standard is the gift that keeps on giving – new hidden depths of complexity I'm only discovering after nearly five years of what turns out to have been a sheltered life dealing with comparatively nice data. But I can feel smug that my code and I are good enough to evolve to cope.

  The website traffic is just about perceptibly increasing each week from its nadir. Of course this is to do with people planning necessary journeys, not joyriding psychogeographers.

- Been watching <cite>Law & Order: UK</cite>, which I mention in part because the Palatino italic ampersand looks pretty. There are better things you could watch. The highlight is when the name "Dick Wolf" flashes on the screen.
