---
layout: post
title: "Week 82"
date: 2020-10-11 23:56:00 +0100
---


- A bit of cycling around. Near the industrial estate where my socks were possibly misdelivered (see last week), a small supermarket piqued my interest. It turned out to be Polish, and an Aladdin's cave of fresh produce and pastries and mysterious packets. Bought three items and added it to Open Street Map.

  - [The franchise network's blog](https://www.foodplus.eu/en/blog) is something. Women's day salad, indeed.

- Ooh new Apple Maps. Very impressive building outlines for the UK. Still no cycling directions or "Look Around" outside of megalopolises yet – I met one of their vans with the camera on the roof years ago in a minor market town, so processing all that footage must've taken longer than they might've hoped – but let's be patient.

- Saw a relative.

- Hurt my foot. I'm not sure when or quite how it was hurt.

    - Well, perhaps when I was theatrically hopping about in toilet despair upon confirming that some public toilets were closed.
    (I won't pretend to be confused about why they were closed – I know there's probably a non-specious rona related reason, I'm not like Allison Pearson or someone.) (I was eventually relieved to use an excellent loo a bit closer to home, and the excellence almost made up for the earlier discomfort.) 

  Anyway. I continued to do some long walks with a sore foot – that I was able to do suggests I'm making a fuss over nothing and it couldn't have been that sore, but now it really is sore because turns out long walking makes sore feet more (not less) sore.

  Well, at least the damp weather and rona mean I'm not missing much stuck hopping indoors.

- First mince pie of the season.

- Started listening to <cite>Sunburn: The unofficial history of the Sun newspaper in 99 headlines</cite>,
  which is read by Alexei Sayle, who is very good at reading aloud.
