---
layout: post
title: Week 35
date: 2019-11-18 21:21:00 +0000
---

What happened this week?

I did some work. Made some stuff faster – the latency graphs of [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/) continue to be satisfying. Had another outage, which was caused entirely by my ignoring the database server disk running out of space.

I cut my hair – almost almost cut my hair, like David Crosby or something, but then actually cut my hair – which I mention only because it's somehow useful for me to be able to check back to see how long I've gone between haircuts.

---

Am I a liberal? Actually, some of my views are really quite extreme. Nationalising part of BT seems fair enough – I've mentioned here before the van-driving technicians, with their little folding stools, who spraypaint interrobangs on the road.
As there were no topical satire programmes programmes broadcast on TV this Friday, maybe there's still time to be the first to pretend to wonder what this means for the actors from off of the television adverts, ha ha ha – Kris Marshall stopped appearing in them in 2011, [but I suppose that's still a sort of joke they could say on the <cite>Now Show</cite>](https://iamjamesward.com/2009/09/02/topical-comedy/).

---

It’s nice that there’s now a good Apple laptop again.
I’ve only listened to one (1) podcast about it, because come on.

I have one of the last good ones. It went through a phase of getting unaccountably warm and kernel panicking, and of course there was last week's MagSafe realated injury, but my position has long remained that you’ll have to prise it from my cold dead hands.
It hasn’t badly disgraced itself for a while – as if it’s conscious of the now credible threat of being replaced – so that remains my position.
If circumstances change and I have to start using Slack (the famously computationally intensive messaging product) again, I expect that to change.
