---
layout: post
title: Week 17
date: 2019-07-14 22:59:00 +0100
---

What happened this week?

I did some work, some of which was deep and meaningful.

I tackled a problem I'd been putting off for three years (!), according to the age of the relevant GitHub issue.
Now, finally, for example, passengers between Bristol and Nailsea can consult [a single timetable](https://bustimes.org/services/x9-bristol-nailsea-2), whereas previously the information was thoughtlessly divided among three different ones.
Maybe I should be embarrassed that fixing this felt like such an epic task, but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯.
Now I simply need to identify automatically all the other similarly split timetables.

I did some other work too, but it's probably all a bit boring, isn't it? The main changes that went noticed were some more buses suddenly materialising on [the live map](https://bustimes.org/map), which like the best kind of changes required between no and hardly any effort from me.

I bought a jacket, the colour of which felt a _tiny_ bit thrillingly ill-advised but for all I know might just as well have been perfectly respectable, which I wore at a lovely function, where I ate a quantity of strawberries that was closer to being thrilling.

For the past day or so I've been all "Michael, Michael and his slipper tree, slipper tree, slipper tree, brand new shoes for you and me."
Interestingly, the etymology of "earworm" is not very simple, possibly involving earwigs, ears of corn, and human ears.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/3lqfPMOg2xbilwexv5ZIVj" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
