---
layout: post
title: Week 40
date: 2019-12-23 22:17:00 +0000
---

Another week!

Some work:

- Finally sat down to test my forthcoming integration with the forthcoming [Transport for the North disruption information API](https://mailchi.mp/ea7b185e83c1/tfn-rtig-disruption-workshop-post-event?e=3affd2d366), only to find that the test disruption information had already been removed – there are some learnings for me there about the folly of leaving things till the last minute.

- Reworked some maps to use [Mapbox GL JS](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/) instead of [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/). Then decided the reworked maps weren't as good, so back to the old maps. Cool story.

- Experimented with some more form fields to let enthusiastic fellows record which buses have special features like USB charging sockets and bicycle storage.
Also, what depot a bus is based at – which some people seem interested in, but I quickly decided is a terrible boondoggle.

- There was a little outage, [the fault of Digital Ocean](https://status.digitalocean.com/incidents/z8tp0f9sq047) and not me, for a change. And now I’ve fiddled with some settings to make things more resilient the next time there’s such a networking issue, so that’s good.

And some other stuff too. Big week.

---

Happy winter solstice, fellow northern hemisphersons. I went to the nearest city, and stood in some queues to buy some last-minute general merchandise I didn’t need to travel all that way to buy.
I also passed some time with a jolly Christmastime ride on [a preserved Bristol RE](https://eastnorfolkbus.blogspot.com/2019/12/sunday-norwich-vintage-bus-rides.html) – apart from the grand roar of the engine, and curious looks from pedestrians, a highlight was the comfort of the seats, compared to what I’d sat on on the modern bus to get there. Anyway, it's much recommended – good to feel nostalgic for an era years before one's time.

---

I’m afraid Giles Coren (and Mark Dolan)’s programme on the dreadful Talk Radio has become a Sunday evening favourite. Actually, a Monday morning one – one can download past broadcasts in half hourly chunks, e.g. this is the URL for 19:00–19:30 on the 22nd of December:

http://cdn2.talksport.com/tscdn/talkradio/audio/listenagain/20191222_1900_LA.mp3

Heston Blumenthal was a recent guest, promoting his and Coren’s weak new television programme <cite> Hestons Marvellous Menu: Back to the Noughties</cite>. I watched a bit:

- Cheese twit Alex James, peering out from under all his hair, was one of the luminaries who appeared to talk about how great the early 2000s were.

- Blumenthal’s head chef is named Ed Cooke, ha ha ha.

- Blumenthal, who looks really like a Lego figure, wears a selection of tee shirts with his coat of arms on them, which maybe is a bit of a dick move – but I suppose it takes some courage not to worry about people thinking you’re a dick for wearing tee shirts with your coat of arms on them.

But pfft.
