---
layout: post
title: Week 22
date: 2019-08-18 22:44:00 +0100
---

A wonderful multimodal journey home from being on holiday.

A boat, on which I was allowed because I agreed with the security staff that I didn't have a knife. (If you get too accustomed to certain airports, you start pre-emptively taking your shoes off at all sorts of occasions, which is unnecessary.)

If we're stickling for detail, there were some shuttle buses (an Agora and a Citaro) at the ports.

Then a National Express coach, where my at-seat electrical socket didn't work and I rushed to dispatch last week's week notes in a thrilling race against time as my laptop battery – depleted from doing serious work on the boat – petered out.

Some trains to and from an overnight stop on a sofa, blah blah. Strolling through Liverpool Street station in the morning, I remembered in the nick of time that the politically important ["Norwich in 90"](https://diamondgeezer.blogspot.com/2019/05/norwich-in-90.html) train existed and would get me home brilliantly faster than planned.

Finally, a bus, where the cheese in my bag was beginning to smell, not swaddled in enough dirty clothes. By making my fellow passengers wrinkle their noses, was I countermanding all the work I've tried to do to promote public transport? Although the driver happened to be the same chap who was so keen on [open windows in the pouring rain that time](/2019/06/week-13), this time the windows were firmly shut. As if by way of distraction, there was a tense moment where the bus was squeezed alongside a delivery van, and when it cleared without any shattered wing mirrors [the whole bus clapped](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/and-then-the-whole-bus-clapped) – really.

The cheese was very tasty.
