---
layout: post
title: Week 18
date: 2019-07-21 23:45:00 +0100
---

What happened this week?

I finished watching all of <cite>Friends</cite> for the first time,
which lots of us (for whom it's slightly before our time) were doing at the start of last year when it first appeared on the internet site Netflix.
According to media reports, [we were all outraged and offended](https://www.google.com/search?q=millennials+friends) by some of the outrageous and offensive old-fashioned attitudes present, but should I be concerned that that passed me by?
Either I'm a dinosaur, or I was able to appreciate it in the context of the less enlightened late 90s.

It's been an entertaining journey, with some demonstrations of the Baader–Meinhof effect along the way.
Now I feel a bit out of sorts, like there's no television left. Perhaps I'll read a book.

---

I woke bleary-eyed on Saturday morning to an outage that was all my fault.
It's not very interesting.

The evening before, I'd decided to delete some old data to make room, because who needs to know historic locations of buses further back than a month or so?
But the first database query I tried to do so was suboptimal – it was still running in the morning, to the detriment of everything else, even preventing me from logging in to halt the query‽ It was all OK by lunchtime, because I am such a talented problem solver, but now I feel a bit grumpy about [Digital Ocean's managed database product](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/managed-databases/) which I use, although I didn't deign to ask their probably excellent support staff for help, and I still fully intend to keep paying them what feels like a lot of money.

The main thing is: oh drat these computers, they're so naughty and so complex, I could pinch them.
