---
layout: post
title: Week 32
date: 2019-10-28 19:51:00 +0000
---

- How disappointing it is when people who'd always seemed sensible suddenly display in interest in rugby union. Ugh.

- I accidentally broke a lightbulb with my bare hands.

    - It was a compact fluorescent ("energy saving") sort of one, which I've just been reminded contains toxic mercury. So... I hope I don't turn into some tinned fish.

    - I replaced it with an LED sort of one, and it's great how mainstream they've become – remember how futuristic they seemed [when Marco reviewed a selection](https://marco.org/2012/04/09/led-light-bulbs-reviewed).

    - The new bulb makes a very slight noise. Hmm.

- The clocks went backwards, which I remember with the handy phrase, "spring back, autumn forward". Embarrassingly, there were some `AmbiguousTimeError`s on bustimes.org around the two hours between 1am and 2am, to the silent fury of countless night bus passengers. Obviously, I've fixed these before, and even written tests involving them, but stuff has changed since the last clock change. I'm ashamed that I didn't rush to fix them – wallowing in the mediocrity of waiting for the passage of time to was just too appealing.

- I bicycled in the rain, which was fine – I've never felt more alive – but some water ingressed through the cracked screen of my waterproof mobile telephone, into the camera, so now I can't unlock it with my face. If only we were still in the olden times, with fingerprint recognition – although it's glove season now, which was always a hassle back then. Of course, it's also jacket season, and sometimes a jacket with a certain collar would make my face unrecognisable. Anyway, it's chilling how bad I've become at entering my passcode.
