---
layout: post
title: Week 15
date: 2019-07-01 17:11:00 +0100
---

What happened this week?

I did some bicycling – 112 miles over the course of the week, ooh.
As I must have explained before, finite battery life and sometimes forgetting to use the app mean the real figure is higher,
but sometimes accidentally leaving the app running means the real figure is also a bit lower.

In a tale as old as time, I set off to photograph some buses diverted along an unusually narrow and scenic road,
only to find that the diversion had finished thanks to some especially efficient workers.
Never mind – it was an intrinsically pleasant bicycle ride there and back.

On the way, half of the bicycle's kickstand fell off, leaving a dangerous obstacle on the road somewhere.
I had only fitted the spindly accessory weeks ago, but I'm not surprised it didn't last long.
There is no suggestion that my own screwdriving skills are inadequate.

On Sunday, I saw some professional bicyclists racing in the the British National Road Race Championships.
Spectators stood in their front gardens and on grassy knolls to spectate, and it was nice to get some insincere cheers as I cycled along the route to a vantage point.
My silly-looking silhouette [was captured on a blurry bit of the live coverage of the men's race](https://youtu.be/1f-JwsL0sSg?t=12420).
I'm leery of the sport of cycling – it's at odds with "utility cycling", which is probably part of why car manufacturers sponsor it[^yacf]  – but it passed the time.

Now, many of the local Strava segment leaderboards are polluted with the athletes' upsettingly quick times, but I don't care.

<hr class="hr" />

[^yacf]: See ["Save the planet – ban cycle helments"](https://yacf.co.uk/forum/index.php?topic=23393.0)
