---
layout: post
title: "’s week"
date: 2019-06-03 22:04:00 +0100
---

### Monday

Impressed by regional news’s (“the news where you are”) commitment to metaphors, going to a seaside fairground to illustrate “the political merry-go-round”.

### Tuesday

The Earl Grey and English breakfast tea yoghurt pots run out of teabags on the same day. They don’t get used at the same rate, so this is outstanding and rare, like a solar eclipse.

For the avoidance of confusion, there’s no actual yoghurt involved, it’s just that an empty, clean 500g yoghurt pot makes a reasonable container for teabags. But I suppose you *could* make a barely credible tzatziki[^raita] by combining the contents of a herbal teabag with some yoghurt. If you were a monster.

### Wednesday

(A brief departure from the present tense.) I'm not sure what happened on Wednesday. I did a lot of work – to wit, fixed most of a what had been a head-scratching bug before breakfast – so I wonder if it was raining.

### Thursday 

See an aeroplane and some horses.

### Friday

[The RHLSTP episode with Joel Dommett](https://www.comedy.co.uk/podcasts/richard_herring_lst_podcast/rhlstp_211_joel_dommett/) went to to the back of the queue, because I’d never heard of the famous comedian, but it turns out to be one of the more entertaining ones. Most impactfully, Dommett shares a tip about whooshing – I want to say squeegeeing, but without a squeegee – water from off of one's legs at the end of a shower. It really relieves a lot of the work of the towel.

### Sunday

The victorious Liverpool FC parade around Liverpool. It's important to note the identity of the three open-top double-decker buses used – LJ58 AVG/K and LJ09 KRG, Wright Gemini 2 hybrid electrics, most recently in service with Crosville Motor Services until that Weston-super-Mare operator's demise. I wonder who their current owner is.

<hr class="hr" />

[^raita]: I was going to say raita, but, no, I mean tzatziki.
