---
layout: post
title: "Week 45: bunglings"
date: 2020-01-26 22:56:00 +0000
---

- Spent some time standing in some brambles to photograph a diverted bus – could
  have been much less time, if it wasn't for various bunglings on my part, but
  it was a lovely sunny morning, and bucolic surroundings for listening to some
  podcasts and doing a life insurance medical interview (mostly saying "no" to
  each serious disease, extreme sport and war zone holiday destination listed)
  – which I actually did while bicycling along, which reminds me of inspirational
  time management exuberance [Randy Pausch wearing a goofy headset](http://www.cs.virginia.edu/~robins/News_Stories/UVa_Magazine_Randy.html) to similarly multitask (in an era before AirPods Pro).

- Some work. A dreadful long outage, which I dealt with not very sensibly – to
  my credit, sleeping through such things is probably quite healthy, but I perish
  the thought of [how many nines I've lost](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_availability#Percentage_calculation).

  There was a poorly database server, which I did _some stuff_ to try to fix.
  Then, while I was waiting for a backup that turned out to be incomplete
  to restore, I deleted the most recent and only complete backup. None of it
  makes any sense, but it shouldn't happen again, and there are some upshots:

  - Here's a handy query for killing rogue long-running queries:

    `SELECT pg_cancel_backend(pid) FROM pg_stat_activity WHERE state = 'active' AND (now() - pg_stat_activity.query_start) > interval '1 minutes';`

    I once heard of somewhere where they had a cron job running a query like that every so often.
    If you needed a query to run for longer, you could include a comment
    (like "do not kill" or something) that prevented it being killed. But "the Russians used a pencil".
    Better to set per-user timeouts, like:

    `ALTER USER frontend SET statement_timeout = 5000;`

    I'd been meaning to set this up for some time, but I was too lazy to look up the incantations
    for setting up users and granting them permissions. And look what happened.

  - Upgraded to PostgreSQL 11. It's probably faster.

  - I'm now storing historic vehicle locations in Redis, rather than Postgres.
    It's probably more suitable, isn't it – old data will disappear automatically.
    And I know how to use Redis now.

  Cool story.

- Started watching <cite>Happy Valley</cite>, which as you must know is not
  about a magical elf leaping merrily, but rather the police. It's really
  emotionally gruelling.

Another week cometh. Big week for coin/transition period fans. I've some fun
and different things to do, which I suppose will serve as a distraction,
and was going to say how looking forward to them I
am, but I wouldn't want you to get the wrong end of the stick and think I'm a
coin fan.
