---
layout: post
title: "Week 47"
date: 2020-02-10 19:23:00 +0000
---

Another week!

Back from Nottingham, a journey beset by some bungling that I did – missed a train, because I walked the wrong way to the station, although it turns out the train was late and I might still have caught it if I’d jogged, although I still needed to find a working machine (among all the broken ones) to retrieve a ticket from. One of the upshots was that, for the next leg of the journey, it was expedient to finally try one of the [super new trains](https://busandtrainuser.com/2019/07/30/new-trains-in-2019-part-7-greater-anglias-class-755/) which was fine – I sat inexplicably near the central “power” coach, which actually made a bit of a racket (which is to be expected), but it was fine. Cool story.

(Content warning: oral health.) Not sure if I’ve a curry-induced ulcer, or a wisdom tooth coming through (which I suppose would signal that I’ve become wise). Well, it was a bit of a pain for a few days, but it’s really OK now.

Spent some time printing out PDFs and writing on paper and using a scanner, which is definitely the most efficient way to fill in forms. One thing about letting agents is that, I suppose, if you tell them you’re not in a particular rush they’ll prioritise other people who _are_ in a rush, and things will take longer. Which is fine.

Some work. Wrote some automated tests on the train, which feels impressive in at least two ways – the professionalism of automated tests, and the productivity godliness of doing them with the big laptop on the surprisingly adequate fold-out seat-back tray on the East Midlands Railway regional train (I don't know anything about trains). Also, made some things [look better on devices with non-rectangular displays](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/env), e.g. the iPhone X landscape mode, which is a thing to do.

It’s been windy (not curry-induced). To give you an idea of how windy it's been, an empty box of apple pies blew into the garden. Be safe.
