---
layout: post
title: "Week 78"
date: 2020-09-14 00:45:00 +0100
---

- I keep gashing my leg on some sharp bits of the bad communal bicycle rack here.
  Thought about complaining to the residents' association. I suppose I'd have to maim myself
  badly to have [a personal injury case](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoVUs3v5sSk).

  Then I decided to effect change in a more positive way, by taping bubble wrap to some of the sharp corners.
  There's too many corners and not enough bubble wrap to eradicate the danger completely,
  but seeing the bubble wrap there is enough to remind me to take care, and the wounds are healing.
  So that's something achieved.

- Cycled to some places. In addition to all the usual eggs and jam, spotted a roadside mask stall,
  quite near a railway station actually,
  which is entrepreneurial.

- Some work.

  Someone complained that the website had become slow, which is a form of nerd sniping, because I care very much about it,
  and although I'd normally agree that it's not fast enough, I'd recently made various server-side things faster actually,
  and it's certainly not like [a state-of-the-art modern monstrosity with lots of JavaScript](https://idlewords.com/talks/website_obesity.htm),
  and "so slow that you write an email of complaint" is very slow indeed. Who knows if their mobile phone or their internet
  connection are significant factors, or exactly what is being slow?

- A plastic bicycle pedal is starting to fall apart, and it's actually started to wear a hole in the sole of my shoe
  (which might say more about the quality of the Allbirds Tree Runners). I've wound up ordering some "Zonkie" branded pedals, 
  clearly weird and off-brand and maybe I'd hesitate before buying something like a chain from them, but isn't Zonkie an excellent name
  (like a weirdly spelled zebroid), and who wouldn't want some pedals with ZONKIE written on them? 

Good morrow.
