---
layout: post
title: "Week 60"
date: 2020-05-10 22:59:00 +0100
---

- It was my birthday. Months ago, I had planned, unprececdentedly, things such that I'd have spent the day travelling back from somewhere. Needless to say, that's not how I spent the day. I did enjoy some cake, which I'd left in the oven for marginally too long, but which was redeemed by containing some pieces of broken up chocolate bunny. Also used Zoom for the first (!) time.

- There is a new laptop. (I mean I bought a new laptop. Coincidentally, the company that makes laptops released some new 13″ laptops on the day it arrived, but I'd gotten a 16″.) It's very nice, and less frail than the old one, and things, but the Touch Bar is an absoloute stinker. I keep accidentally touching it, triggering the screen brightness or other controls. Probably because my typing is a bit "hunt and peck", so my hands move about more than a properly educated person's hands, but why should I have to change?

- BBC Two's [<cite>I'll Get This</cite>](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b0brjptb) is strangely compelling. Five consistently eclectic celebrities (like normal people but better) play silly games between meal courses at a restaurant, competing to avoid paying the bill.
  
  Having watched several in quick successsion on the iPlayer, one thing I've learnt is that Richard Madeley and Eamonn Holmes, both of whom have copresented ITV's <cite>This Morning</cite> with their wives, both, the first to arrive at the restaurant on their respective episodes, dad joke "are these all for me?" upon seeing a tableful of glasses of champagne.
  
  (I should do a joke here about how deft the producers were in editing out all the times the apparent consiprary theorist Eamonn Holmes presumably espoused various conspiracy theories.)

- I've very occasionally been listening to Eddie Mair's programme on the dreaded LBC. It's OK, but I'm worried about the risk of injury in the rush to switch off when the <cite>Farage</cite> programme starts straight after.

  On the possibly more detestable talkRADIO, <cite>The Late Night Alternative with Iain Lee</cite> is actually lovely. Although it's unrepresentative of most of the show, where sometimes troubled listeners phone in to speak to the avuncular Lee, the last bit I listened to was [an interview with the great Professor Sir Cary Cooper](https://play.acast.com/s/latenightswithiainlee/e92c9635-de84-4837-b74f-0ac667d9779e) from last month.
 
  Then this evening I made the mistake of hearing a serious conservative thinker being interviewed on that station, and all the nasty man's shit opinions made me sad. Ugh.

Stay alert.