---
layout: post
title: "Week 72"
date: 2020-08-03 14:30:00 +0100
---

What happened this week?

- Some cycling, which, apart from being nice, was horrible when I was being assaulted by the wind blowing sand and pollen at my face. And now I have a sore bum, to which the solution is... to stop sitting down? I have applied a salve.

- Can't believe I never mentioned the number on the front door. Shortly after arriving here, I took a damp cloth to the frontage in an attempt to wipe off an icky residue – looked a bit like battery acid, but was probably glue a tradesperson had used to stick the numbers on with – and whoosh, off fell one of the digits. I stuck it back on with Blu Tac.

  Cool story. But I should just be thankful that none of the digits look like any other digits when upside down, so, should the Blu Tac's adhesion give out, I'm no more likely be accidentally raided by armed police like in <cite>Line of Duty</cite> because an upside down 6 looks like a 9.

- Because this icky warm leatherette sofa is icky, back when I could sit down comfortably, I bought a fancy and difficult to clean throw. It's big enough, if not big enough to completely cover the whole sofa, but one of the things about throws is that they move about and bunch up when sat on.

  Searching for advice about keeping throws from bunching up, I found a thread on Mumsnet, the internet site famous these days for worse things than asking politicians their favourite biscuit and a fierce rivalry with the entirely separate site Netmums. I wondered if it was possible for even soft furnishing tips to be transphobic, but I didn't want to find out.

