---
layout: post
title: "Week 69"
date: 2020-07-12 16:00:00 +0100
---

- Some of the eggs in Tesco, and other shops of that nature, are temporarily being packed in plastic instead of the usual cardboard egg boxes. I think this is because of a shortage of pulp in the supply chain, and the novelty hats ("bedpans") you get in hospitals, which are made of the same sort of stuff, take precedence.

  I bet some people are disgusted by this pragmatic response to the pulp shortage, I thought, so I searched Twitter and was proved right. Maybe there's a galaxy brained argument to be made that the plastic versions are lighter, easier to produce, or more reusable, and therefore actually better for the environment, but I won't be the one to make it. 

  Not necessarily in protest against the plastic boxes, I've been cycling around and making mental notes of the all smallholders who sell eggs (and preserves and plants and fruit and vegetables) from their driveways. When I buy something, I find myself dropping the coins in the honesty box as theatrically loudly as possible, lest I'm mistaken for a thief.
	
- To the Apple shop. I was a bit worried about failing the mandatory temperature check before entering, but then I forgot about that in favour of wondering if I'd be blamed for somehow damaging the computer screen myself. Well, it turns out that hairline cracks are covered under the warranty, which is good. But, having cycled uphill to the shop and then been inflamed by the hordes of shoppers ignoring the one way system in the shopping centre, I _was_ too hot, or too warm, or not cool enough, so I had to go and stand outside Monsoon with my raincoat off for a while until I was allowed in.

   It occurs to me that wearing a mask (the other main prong of Apple's retail store precautions) is actually pleasant, because it's like breathing into a paper bag, which is the thing people do in films and on TV to calm down and stop hyperventilating. Actually, apparently, breathing into a paper bag is ineffective and possibly dangerous, but never mind.

   The replacement screen part is taking a jolly long time to arrive, but that's OK. The old computer has been behaving impeccably, and I've been productive on it.

- Some work. Reworking some of the live maps to use WebSockets, using [Django Channels](https://channels.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which is an enriching experience and the results are going to be great. Starting to deploy the new stuff has been trickier, until I realised:

  1. I was accidentally reading the documentation for the old, much harder to use version of Channels.

  2. [O2 do some terrible nonsense](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5557776/websockets-over-a-3g-connection) which breaks `ws://` WebSockets. 

- I tried to remove a 5G conspiracy theory sticker from a Sheffield hoop, but those science hating conspiracy theorists have some really strong adhesive.
