---
layout: post
title: "Week 80"
date: 2020-09-27 19:37:00 +0100
---

- To the countryside. I was going to cycle there, but found one of the new bicycle pedals hanging off – not a slight on Zonkie's excellent craftsmanship, but rather the old crankset had somehow perished – perhaps I'd not adequately cleaned out and greased up the thread. Bit odd that the problem appeared to appear suddenly overnight – why didn't I notice it on my previous ride? – but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯.

  So I went on the bus instead. Good to see the poster about face coverings had been moved from knee to head height.

- It was lovely and sunny and good to splash around some saltmarshes and places like that. I almost tripped over a seal pup, who was a bit distressed but managed to wriggle some distance towards the sea.

- Then it was cold and rainy and windy. Sometimes the rain was horizontal. Isn't it remarkable how there are different types of weather, sometimes within the same week.

  After the worst of the wind, I noticed a lot of UK Power Networks vehicles outside the Holiday Inn. I suppose engineers from less windy areas were drafted in to help mend all the overhead power lines, and they overnighted (overnought?) there. How interesting.

- I am this week's <cite>Coach & Bus Week</cite> magazine, which is nice. (Don't tell anyone, but I slightly prefer <cite>Buses</cite> magazine, but only slightly.) There's a bit in it where I said "use case", but they've changed it to "user case", which is really my fault because it turns out that "use case" is a bit of jargon – what have I become? – and I ought to have just said "use" (as in "hundreds of uses").
