---
layout: post
title: "Week 71"
date: 2020-07-27 22:55:00 +0100
---

- One more bus, to return me to the point I'd started at last week. This one had a squirty hanitiser dispenser near the entrance (although I only noticed it once I'd sat down), and a badly designed A4 poster about masks at knee height (like it was aimed solely at toddlers or something).

- Saw some more of some relations. They'd come all the way from a different country, which feels bizarre, but apparently you can go on a thing called a boat, these days, and float across the English channel.

- Like some kind of Paul Rudd (the irritating famous dude with a famous fear of condiments), I declined the offer of some condiments on a vegan sausage sandwich – a poor decision.

  I think mustard is the sausage sandwich condiment, but Danny Baker's sausage sandwich game ("red sauce, brown sauce, or no sauce at all?") suggests it isn't one of the two main ones.

- Hooray (hurray?) for the return of [the Late Night Alternative](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Late_Night_Alternative).

- Renamed some main Git branches from "master" to "main" because it's just a better name – it's less letters and less syllables and greater descriptive.

- After some weeks of parsimony, an unusually cheap rabbit bhuna to end the week, thanks to an Uber Eats discount code. Collected it myself from the sash window of the restaurant, and it kept its temperature, double- or triple-bagged in a paper bag in a plastic bag in the bicycle pannier. I hope that somehow Travis Kalanick pays for the discount, and not the salt-of-the-earth local restaurant staff.

  The service design of Uber Eats is bad.
