---
layout: post
title: "Week 75"
date: 2020-08-24 00:21:46 +0100
---

- Some cycling. For once, I had some coins with me, so from various kerbside
  stalls could buy some jam, some eggs (although that stall had a card terminal
  – the way of the future), and some free cooking apples. Now the cooking
  apples are slowly rotting as I dilly-dally about buying an apple corer, in a
  thrilling race against time.

  Pausing on a railway bridge, I glanced at Real Time Trains, which is a thing
  to do. On this occasion, I saw that some interesting train was about to
  appear, and sure enough minutes later a yellow Network Rail infrastructure
  monitoring train roared underneath me  – not the actual Flying Banana, maybe 
  the flying plantain.

  Trains! From my bedroom, and other rooms, especially when the window's open,
  which it simply has to be sometimes, I can hear trains rattling over a
  distant bridge, sometimes their horns cheerfully honking.
  I don't have a problem with that, but I'd have even less of
  a problem if I could _see_ the trains, which I can't without a system of
  mirrors or a drone or a canoe. If only there were some way of seeing them on the internet.

- Some work. One thing I'm trying to do is discourage enthusiastic fellows from
  contributing information about bus vehicles' previous owners and stuff,
  because there are specialist websites for that sort of thing, and each bit of
  information takes up some of my time because one has to check for spam and
  porn because it's the internet, and anyway who cares? But how to discourage
  it now the genie's out of the bottle, without pissing over all the
  enthusiastic fellows' contributions so far?

- Spent some time peering at different shops' freezers, looking for
  Toblerone ice cream. Didn't find any Toblerone ice cream. As I said, I
  don't like Toblerone ice cream any more than the normal amount, but I'll be disappointed if it's been discontinued. Perhaps supply has been affected by the rona – in which case, fair enough, people not dying in ice cream factories is more important than ice cream itself – or demand has been affected by warm weather.

- <cite>Semi-Detached</cite> is less shit than one would expect. Well, the
  pilot is half an uproarious hour, but maybe don't bother with the
  series after that.
