---
layout: post
title: "Week 52"
date: 2020-03-15 22:30:00 +0000
---

- To the hospital, to be medically imaged.

  - The last time this happened, a simpler time, [I wrote about it here](/2013/03/monday),
    which is improbable because I wrote here infrequently then.
    As then, I meekly listened to the radio station chosen by the previous patient, but happily it wasn't Radio 2 this time.
    And I apologised for my hard-to-find veins, and breathed in and out and held my breath as instructed, and the whole thing took at least two hours – not, I hope, slowed down by my poor breathing skills or anything like that.

  - Anyway, good fortune to get that done before the imminent sort of DoS of the health service.

- Sold some old consumer electronics products. One to [Handtec](https://sell.handtec.co.uk/) – very impressed by how quickly they worked and paid me – and one to [musicMagpie](https://www.musicmagpie.co.uk/), who used some alarming language to denigrate my old iPad, such that I wonder if something nasty happened in transit. Cool story.

- Moved house.

  - There is a balcony, and I am a cheap date, easily impressed by a balcony. It partly overlooks a football stadium, and the precise timing of _the current health situation_ means I've some time to wait to experience the novelty of the crowds flocking here and there and making their noises and everything.

  - It's a furnished flat, which is fine. I've hidden the frightening art provided in a cupboard, and am arranging hole-punched cardboard and double-sided tape to hang my own posters up. Also hid the offensively bad cutlery – I didn't know I could feel that way about cutlery, but now I do. There's no accounting for taste.

  - I actually needed to buy some 🧻. Well, not quite _needed_ – I've lots of respect for the European way; water is much cleaner than scratchy paper – but at least guests expect paper, so I walked all the way to Sainsbury's to get the smallest pack available, not wanting to be mistaken for a stockpiling nincompoop.  Cool story.

- Some travel and mass gathering type things I'd been looking forward to now hang in jeopardy, woe unto me.

Be well.
