---
layout: post
title: "Week 58"
date: 2020-04-27 15:54:00 +0100
---


- I've been allowing hair to grow out of my face. It's terrible and patchy and I'm afraid I keep touching it. Usually it lasts until I see someone else with a terrible beard and am moved to make with the razor. This may be the longest it's gotten.

  I made a mask out from out of a T-shirt and some underpants. Used the [ragmask](https://ragmask.com/) guide. I don't have a ruler or a printer, let alone a sewing machine, but I managed. We seem to have our heads up our arses, but folks in other countries are recommending their use – not to protect the folks wearing masks, but to protect other folks from them. And, in my case, to protect folks from seeing my terrible chin of hair. Although I've not worn mine yet.

- Walked to some places. A heath where some overexuberant drivers were driving menacingly. A broad where everyone else and their dog had also decided to take the air – it was a Sunday; maybe it's less busy on other days.

- Delighted that I never finished the second serie of <cite>Killing Eve</cite> last year. Have now caught up.

  Lots of people have been watching <cite>Devs</cite>. I have joined them, slowly.

  The fifth serie of [<cite>GF Newman's The Corrputed</cite>](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b050z5cf) on the radio could be a cultural highlight of the week. It feels like it could have jumped the shark, but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯. Radio drama is hard.

- The new toaster continues to trip the trip switch occasionally. One time was possibly explicable by a stray crumb on the heating element; another, it seemed like it just didn't like crumpets (trypophobia?). I think I'm within my rights to return it to the shop, right? Keeping a chair beside the fusebox, to climb on to make the electricity go back on, is no way to live.
