---
layout: post
title: "Week 141"
date: 2021-11-30 11:51:00 +0000
---

- There’s been weather. Wandered to the country park and found it was closed due to a wind warning. It was actually not very windy, so I’m sure I could have thrown caution to the wind and ignored the warning sign and walked around the lake anyway, but I didn’t. The wind picked up later.

- To the cinema, a small joy which was just the thing on a cold wet afternoon, for the first time in years. Saw <cite>House of Gucci</cite>, a slightly surprising choice – I don’t like leather goods – but it was fine and I only looked at my watch once; yes it was a little bit silly, which is obviously one of the best things something can be. Might go to a cinema again.

- I’d heard plans were afoot to add London bus locations to the Bus Open Data Service; I was reminded of it just days ago, when it occurred to me that the consequences of the TfL funding crisis might at least make that easier in one respect (fewer buses, less data). Then I woke from a nap (!) to find [it had happened](https://twitter.com/bustimes_org/status/1464177685979086849)

  It’s a tiny shame that no forewarning had been forthcoming, although in the event the quantity of data (a lot of buses) was no problem.
  Unrelatedly, some of the following day was spent battling a little technical meltdown which postponed going to the cinema by a whole hour.
  I'm using [Supervisor](http://supervisord.org/), and I was repeatedly restarting some processes when I noticed that several times more processes were running than expected ...
  well, [this is a marvellously informative article about propagating signals to child processes](http://veithen.io/2014/11/16/sigterm-propagation.html) (the problem was easily solved by using `exec`, of course, a command I do remember from my time in higher education).

- First Brussels sprouts of the season.
