---
layout: post
title: "Week 117"
date: 2021-06-15 00:54:00 +0100
---

- It’s been humid.

- I feel a bit like I've not been making enough of all this relative freedom, like it might go away again. Hmm.
  This week I did travel some distance west, where one of the things that happened was some ostensibly aggressive but actually harmless daytime drinkers complimented [my hat](/2020/05/week-59).
  I achieved none of the westerly things I'd hoped to, so I'll go again.

- 🍞 Someone recommended a book by Richard Bertinet, and I second that recommendation.
  Maybe I don't agree that bread really ought to be really crusty, but thanks to him I've started doing some things differently:
  using less yeast, and not pummelling the shit out of dough, and shaping dough like I know what I'm doing.
  (He has some videos, like on YouTube, which are better than a book for learning about what to do with your hands, but books are nice to read too.)

- Cut my hair.
  Sometimes this is motivated by seeing someone else with unkempt hair, just as seeing a ratty beard can motivate me to bust out a razor.
  This time I felt vindicated after the fact when I saw Robert Peston looking a bit silly.
  There's nothing inherently wrong with dishevelment, but ol Pesto's barnet looked unusually bad and I was glad mine didn't.

  I thought I made a point of mentioning haircut events here for "quantified self" purposes, but now I can't find a record of the last haircut, so that was pointless.
  Oh well, the hair itself serves as a 3D graph of time.

- ⚽️ Big up the little remote-controlled ball-carrying car.

  On Saturday I wandered out and was a bit suprised by the much refreshed men wandering about draped in flags, and the car horns beeping merrily, all over the scoring of a single goal.
  Nice for them.
