---
layout: post
title: "Week 136"
date: 2021-10-18 17:25:00 +0100
---

- Went to Great Yarmouth, partly to buy a [Nite Ize Wraptor](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Nite-Ize-Wraptor-Rotating-Smartphone/dp/B078L18FTZ?tag=joshgood-21) which is a thing for attaching a mobile phone to bicycle handlebars. [Millets](https://www.millets.co.uk/15910545/niteize-wraptor-rotating-smartphone-bar-mount-15910545) sell one for less money than Amazon.

  Well, turns out there’s no longer a Millets in Great Yarmouth. (There’s a Specsavers where I expected it to be.) But there is still a Millets in Lowestoft (where I’d just been) so I went back to Lowestoft where I learned that, of course, a small Millets shop doesn’t necessarily stock all the items advertised  on the Millets website. Almost enough to make you want to go mad with a mallet, but instead I just ordered it on Amazon. Never mind, you can’t put a price on the otherwise jolly times I had in Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft.

  Anyway, the Nite Ize Wraptor is good. I had previously used a Quad Lock mount, but I didn’t enjoy keeping the sleek and beautiful phone in the ugly Quad Lock case, and then a bit of the mount snapped off. The Wraptor feels less sturdy, and it’s harder to quickly remove the phone from the handlebars to photograph an escaped pig running past (for example), but that’s OK.

- Another long bus journey around some different coastline. [At one point](https://bustimes.org/vehicles/286099?date=2021-10-17#journeys/175450541), our route was blocked by some parked cars, and after twenty minutes at a standstill and making some phone calls the driver decided to reverse back up the road, and a passenger in the wheelchair, who fortunately had a yellow reflective gilet with him, leapt up to act as a sort of banksman. (Yes there are some maladies that mean you need the use of a wheelchair for longer periods but can still walk about a bit and direct traffic.) He later regained the use of his legs again to close some windows, which I thought a bit disagreeable because I’d rather zip up my coat than catch a virus, but never mind.

  Most excitingly, for the first time I’m sure I glimpsed a page of bustimes.org on a fellow passenger’s phone screen. Unlike the The Man in Seat Sixty-One or Martin Lewis, I don’t have a picture of me in the masthead so it wasn’t really like being a celebrity seeing someone reading one’s own memoirs or something.

- The toilet cistern, which is a bit leaky as they often are, suddenly went really leaky so I went to fix it. Watched some YouTube videos, which weren’t much help but gave me the confidence to unscrew the push button and remove the cistern lid (damaging the paintwork where some wally had adhered it to the wall with putty) and fiddle about. The floaty thing that’s supposed to float wasn’t floating properly, but now it I’ve fixed it and it’s great, although I’m not yet confident enough to move the screwdriver back out of the bathroom to the place where it’s normally kept.
