---
layout: post
title: "Weeks 124 & 125"
date: 2021-08-10 23:59:00 +0100
---

- Some different stuff occurred to me, which is good cos that's what I usually write about here.
  But mostly I went to France, which was nice, lucky me. I won't go on about the novelty of being in the company of more people and animals than usual, and everything, because this isn't the place, but I have some observations about inanimate objects.

- It's been a rollercoaster of legislative dilly-dallying.
  But in the end we were allowed to go there, and come back, and not quarantine, with only two up-the-nose swabs (one down, one to go). [Kafkaesque.](https://twitter.com/c0mmunicants/status/1347631842329907200 "I had to fill in a form")

- The France have introduced the "passe sanitaire", a 2D barcode one must present before entering some places like museums and restaurants, to prove that one's been vaccinated or tested negative. I don't think there's much to stop an unsanitary person fraudulently using someone else's pass. Our NHS barcodes were rejected by the TousAntiCovid Verif app staff use to verify passes sanitaires ("bip bip bip", which is French for "beep beep beep"), but invariably we were allowed through anyway with little hemming and hawing. (And apparently the newest version of that app would have accepted them.)

- Unusually, I didn't bring home any mustard (the same mustard you can get here, [but in more repurposable packaging](https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/comments/lye6ad/in_france_mustard_comes_in_wine_glasses/)) or cheese (probably for the best, although the ventilation and mask-wearing situation on buses means one can get away with more).

- Roaming! Nice of Vodafone to wait a bit before
  [reintroducing roaming charges](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-58146039),
  the Brexit dividend isn't it. An underrated has-anyone-noticed about roaming is that they have an arrangement with more than one network, so one can switch between Orange, SFR etc depending on which one's thicker in the air. Is it almost worth getting a foreign SIM to use in one's home country, to enjoy the same flexibility? I don't know.

- One of the ideas of being on holiday is not doing any work.
  But that leads to having ideas, you know, inspiration, so I might have done a bit of work in a fit of pique, and that's fine.

Have a good
