---
layout: post
title: "Week 107: hot buns"
date: 2021-04-04 21:13:00 +0100
---

- It was sunny and warm on some of the days. (Next week it won't be. How interesting how there is all different weather.)
  Heartwarming to see bags of cans being enjoyed on the riverbank by groups of up to six.

- Friday: made some hot buns, one or two of which had aesthetic misshapen crosses on them. Loosely followed [Mary Berry's recipe](https://www.bbc.co.uk/food/recipes/mary_berrys_hot_cross_65003),
  where by loosely I mean I used orange not lemon zest, didn't have any candied peel or mixed spice (briefly considered using Lebanese 7 spice),
  and was loosey-goosey with some quantities. Using less yeast just slowed things down a bit – how relaxing – more time for a bike ride while I forgot about the dough,
  and perhaps for the sultanas to grow plumper. Later, I had to record a time-lapse to confirm that the buns were expanding again (which they were).

  Thoughts for next time: pay more attention to the size and shape, for ease of fitting a halved bun in the toaster.
  Also, "outy" protruding fruits get burnt, so poke them to make them "inny".

- Saturday: a mild mannered protest in the city centre against the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill.
  I wondered along to see no protesters (they had moved on), just a bungling police officer holding up a queue of buses for no apparent reason for an extra half hour, hmm.
  Perhaps someone cleverer than me will know what that's all about.

  I was alarmed to find myself trying to make these points in the comments section of a local newspaper, but fortunately it's hard to log into/onto "Disqus".
  The people who do leave comments have a reputation for being morons, but they've all managed to use some quite unreliable and user-hostile software successfully,
  which is more than I've ever achieved, so maybe we should respect them.

- Some work.

  Email from someone who clicked on an advert that promised a free gift voucher or something – you know, one of those obvious (but not obvious to this person, which is fair enough) scams.
  I went to the AdSense "review centre", which is a bit frustrating – like, you can block adverts and categories, but can't see how adverts have been categorised – and blocked some adverts.

  I'm sure there are several companies who could be responsible, [one of which is based in Kent](https://www.theguardian.com/money/2014/aug/22/when-a-cashback-promise-seems-too-good-to-be-true).
  I thought about [tweeting](https://twitter.com/bustimes_org/status/1376201023296012297) one of the bosses to ask "how do you sleep at night?" (to which the answer is of course "comfortably on a bed of money"), but they're all only on LinkedIn,
  proving beyond doubt that LinkedIn is for scoundrels.
