---
layout: post
title: "Week 99"
date: 2021-02-08 18:25:00 +0000
---
 
- A few weeks ago, the toilet roll holder fell off the wall.
  I wriggled it back on, but it's come loose a few more times.
  Meanwhile, the algorithm showed me some online advertisements for toilet roll holders,
  which is extraordinary because it's not like I'd searched the internet for anything relevant
  – it had been airgapped knowledge until today.

  - Just now, I watched some seconds of a YouTube video, which inspired me to break out a bicycle mulitool to tighten a screw. No need to buy a new holder, not that there was ever any suggestion that there was. It was a bit interesting to learn that roll holders (and towel rails etc) nearly all attach in the same way, but, if you think about it, it shouldn't be a surprise.

  - Of course you wouldn't have this problem with a bidet.

- They're repainting the communal areas of the building.
  I'm not sure who they are, and if I were them I'd feel uneasy about risking lives to make some walls look smarter,
  but I suppose painting and deocrating carries risks even in normal times.
  They've erected indoor scaffolding, the height of the building, to reach some hard-to-reach bits of the wall, which feels unnecessary because, being hard-to-reach, the paint has not been blemished by people brushing past, and anyway couldn't they just use a very long handled brush?

- The man employed to stand in the entrance to Lidl, encouraging customers to take a squirt of hand sanitiser, has tremendous gravitas.
  But to get to the hand sanitiser one must stand uncomfortably close to the man. And I was so taken by the gravitas that I forgot to survey the selection of houseplants.

- Heavy weather – for the first time I almost felt like breaking my Pedometer++ streak, but I didn't. Discovering new (to me) muddy paths through various copses, spinneys and thickets, which make a change from pavements.    
