---
layout: post
title: "Week 119"
date: 2021-06-28 22:14:00 +0100
---

- The [“Fish finger named most Beard Friendly Sandwich for second year running”](https://kmflett.wordpress.com/2021/06/22/fish-finger-named-most-beard-friendly-sandwich-for-second-year-running/) news inspired me to get some fish fingers and put them in a sandwich (a "fish stick sandwich" for US English speakers) and I am grateful for the inspiration.

  I don't fully understand the "beard friendly" fuss, but what’s good for the bearded is good for the beardless – a sandwich sopping with ketchup, mayonnaise etc is annoying enough if you're not concerned about soiling a beard, because bare faces get dirty too.

- Some work.

  - [This is a bit embarassing](https://twitter.com/EwsTrains_Deal/status/1407770973298905095/photo/1)
    because independent schools are bad (although taking their advertising coins might be praxis).
    (Wick, it turns out, _is_ a place in Litttlehampton as well as a better known place in North Scotland.)

  - I accidentally deleted all the timetable data – not ideal,
    and worse still I was bit incapacitated by hayfever and one unit of beer when I realised.

    I wasted time fiddling about with a perfect solution (surgically restoring just the stuff I'd deleted),
    before settling for a much easier,
    good enough solution (restoring the backup from a few hours ago and not worrying about the few hours of vehicle tracking data that would be lost).

    (Thanks to DigitalOcean® Managed Databases' automatic backups for saving my arse.)

  - Made an improvement to the layout of certain weird timetables. That's what it's all about, iterative improvement, it just keeps getting better, and if no one notices, good.

- Went to an Fauxtalian chain restaurant (lots of outdoor seating) with some people cooler than me,
  and had the best (only) meatballs I've had this month.

- I was going to go to the Fens but I was too tired so I didn't and that's OK. Cool story.
