---
layout: post
title: "Week 112"
date: 2021-05-10 01:50:00 +0100
---

- Some things I saw last week which I can't believe I didn't mention here:

  - A seal bobbing about in the river, which would have been a surprise if I'd not previously read [some articles in the local press about the seal](https://www.reddit.com/r/Norwich/comments/mvakvb/spotted_this_guy_in_the_river_behind_carrow_road/gvci59j/).

  - Some dudes with a modified Audi they were photographing with a big camera.
    They'd detached the front numberplate, to make it more photogenic.
    The car has its own Instagram account, with more followers than most people I know.
    I thought I'd be angry at their blocking a pedestrianised area, and the "performance exhaust" system making a terrible offensive racket, but I suppose it's a mostly harmless hobby.

  Well, it was nice to see a celebrity sea mammal, and a celebrity hatchback, which both happened to be grey.

- It was my birthday.
  A man came to replace the water heater timer which with a new, dramatically less charred one.
  I went to Lowestoft – my first time in a different county for more than a year –
  where I walked north until I could walk no more, and then returned home.
 
- The alarm clock mentioned last week arrived. It's fine, but there was a hair beneath the transparent cover – yuck.
  Luckily, I'd also just bought a squeegee, which came with a suction cup for attaching the squeegee to a wall.
  So I could use the suction cup to remove the transparent cover, and dislodge the hair. What luck!
  Although it would have been luckier to get a clock without a hair.

- I also bought a new Chemex coffee maker,
  to replace the one I smashed into a thousand pieces a few months ago, because although I've a better way of making coffee, I wanted to use up the remaining ⅔ boxful of paper filters.
  Maybe producing a whole new glass thing is more wasteful than discarding some bits of paper, but my feelings don't care about your facts.

  I deliberately got a bigger Chemex this time ... forgetting that the bigger one requires bigger filters.
  And it turns out there's a shortage of Chemex paper filters.

- Voted, using a Noris Triplus pencil. As far as I can tell, this electoral ward is now entirely represented by Green councillors ... and that's what I voted for, slightly spur-of-the-momently. Some prominent folks in that party are posh idiots incorrectly opposed to electric railways and stuff, but that's neither relevant nor as bad as the alternative.

- To the hospital, for a somewhere-between-annual-and-biennial thing involving having jelly rubbed on my chest, which perhaps eels and certain kinds of pervert enjoy.

- Second jabbed. No side-effects, apart from being wet cos it was raining heavily, and all the oil washed off the chain of my bike on the way to and from the medical practice.
