---
layout: post
title: "Week 120"
date: 2021-07-06 01:39:00 +0100
---

- Went to London, which was novel.
  I didn't have a good reason to go, but I'd bought a train ticket when I had a reason,
  and I wasn't going to let the train ticket go unused.

  Coincidentally, [the Goodyear Blimp](https://twitter.com/dril/status/490366979749216256)
  (actually a semi-rigid airship) followed me to, and around, London.
  Needless to say, I soon found myself craving some tyres.

- Went to the seaside, which was a bit novel too. Walked from one seaside town to the next,
  in light drizzle, and some whizzy new buses whizzed past – whizzo.

- ⚽️ On Tuesday I won £2.13. Still, obviously gambling is stupid, don't gamble.
  And the real winner was football.

  On Saturday I walked to a park I'd never walked to before, [like a pound shop diamond geezer](https://diamondgeezer.blogspot.com/2021/06/england-v-germany-via-ten-pubs.html).
  It would have been fun to hear various cheers emanating from pubs and boats and houses, but they were out of earshot.
  After a week of walking quite far, my feet had by now gone a bit Joyce Carol Oates.

- Some work.
  
  On the train to London, I continued some stuff I've been doing to make bustimes.org more useful in London (still less useful than the great London-centric apps like Citymapper).

  On Saturday, there was little database performance problem,
and it's satisfying to be able to look back at this silly little website like the rings on a cross-section of a tree trunk and see it last happened [20 weeks ago](/2021/02/week-100) which was a different time.
