---
layout: post
title: "Week 131"
date: 2021-09-20 21:48:00 +0100
---

- 🪒 Dropped the metal handle of my Merkur safety razor down the sink plughole. How to fish it back out? I don't know anyone with implausibly long thin fingers, but what about magnets?
  I used my iPad Smart Cover to confirm that at least the razor head was a bit magnetic, and then I dangled my Apple Watch charging cable down the drain ... nothing. OK, maybe something, but too weak a magnetic attraction to lift the handle out.

  Eventually I'll find a pair of chopsticks, which I'm sure will work, but until then there's the electric razor, which is fine – less efficient at removing hair, but better at not cutting my face.

- The bicycle thief thieved some more.
  Perhaps I ought to have warned all the neighbours to lock their bikes more securely – wouldn't that would have been thoughtful of me?
  But it really didn't occur to me, and maybe the additional crimes will make the police more interested.

- 🚍 The automatic vehicle location bit of the Bus Open Data Service hasn't been working as wonderfully as one would like, and I have every sympathy with the folks involved, computers are hard, but it's a bit frustrating how long things take to fix at professional places with all their proper processes. Anyway, I could make a remark like "bus back better my arse", but that would be unfair.

- 🥯 Made some bagels.
  It will be recalled that I first made some [some months ago](/2021/02/week-98); this time, I remembered to adequately butter a flat surface to prevent sticking, but it was no good cos I'd made the dough too wet as if I was making normal bread. So I made yet some more, and this third attempt was actually quite good. Maybe the fourth time I'll make the effort to make them all the same size, and use some malt syrup for an optimally attractive taste and appearance.

- <cite>Curb Your Enthusiasm</cite> reappeared on Sky Go a few weeks ago, so I resumed watching and have reached the most recent series, of which I'd previously seen some clips and been startled by how older everyone looked, but when you watch the thing in order you don't notice (despite some long gaps between series). By carelessly reading things on the internet I've been spoiled by some spoilers, but it's not the sort of thing where that matters like the police-on-a-submarine boring crap.
