---
layout: post
title: "Week 106: mat"
date: 2021-03-29 01:42:00 +0100
---

- Some more forgotten things from previous weeks:

  - There’s a sort of welcome mat out on the balcony here – a “welcome to the balcony” mat.
  What’s the point of that? I peered at some neighbours’ balconies and none of them have a mat.
  I tried relocating the mat to inside the flat, by the front door, where it would serve some purpose (de-soiling shoes entering the flat, and hiding some loose crumbly-grouted tiles).
  But the gap between the floor and the door is too narrow for the mat, and the ghostly outline of the mat on the balcony decking suggests the mat was always there, so back it went.

  - Sometimes I feel like a mug for not using Amazon Web Services.
  Well, I do use AWS Lambda for [some toy things](https://twitter.com/sepp_not_seth),
  but the for the hundreds of pounds of serious business per month I use DigitalOcean instead.
  Maybe it's nice that DO don't make their workers wee in bottles or have anything to do with the military-industrial complex,
  but I suspect that's not because they're more moral, it's just because they're a bit smaller and (s)crappier. (But still pretty big!)

    [That OVH datacentre in Strasbourg burning down](https://www.ovh.com/world/news/press/cpl1787.fire-our-strasbourg-site) made me think about things. Hmm.

- Felt a bit poorly. Nevertheless, onto the bicycle to the support bubble, and after a while I felt less poorly.
  On the return trip, one thing led to another and a particularly long and bumpy scenic route, which subsequent achiness I'm not sure I recommend but it was nice to see a valley and a river and an unexpected choo-choo train on the narrow-gauge railway.

  Broke my Pedometer++ streak ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯.

- The clocks sprang backwards or forwards, there's no way of telling which way. I haven't corrected the oven or alarm clock yet.
  There was one (1) bit of code I needed to fix, after a nice lie-in. (There was an automated test, but the test was wrong.)
  Meanwhile, the local real time passenger information systems in Glasgow, Aberdeen etc appear to have conked out much more dramatically, which is somehow comforting to know.

- Boats! Because I am very smart, I quite quickly worked out that <span class="caps">Evergreen</span> (written on one side) is the name of the shipping company and <span class="caps">Ever Given</span> (written on the other side) is the name of the ship.

- I think I’ve listened to all the podcasts.
