---
layout: post
title: "Week 144"
date: 2021-12-21 02:14:00 +0000
---

- Sometimes I manage to make some notes during the week to help with the struggle of writing this.
  Usually using the Apple Notes app, and lately using the dictation feature where I say some words with my voice and some different ones appear on the iPad screen.

  This week's notes:

  - _Edie is short for Edith._ (Not always, but often.) Yes, that's something I sort of learnt this week. I'm sure I could have figured it out before, but I'd never given it much thought.

  - _It’s absolutely not something you could do it’s what happens when you close all the youth clubs._ No idea what this was about.

  - _I’m only a bit more familiar with the oeuvre of Tommy Cooper than I am with the <cite>Sex and the City</cite> franchise/cinematic universe/I’m not sure what it is._ [Searching Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=%22and%20just%20like%20that%22%20%22tommy%20cooper%22&f=live) reveals several people unoriginally experiencing the same dissonance as me, using phrases like "am I alone" and "old enough to remember". I do seem to be more alone in thinking [Hawkeye](https://twitter.com/qqzm/status/1471062998974451714) is the origin story of the computer vision system used in tennis, cricket etc.

  - _The people on the Digital Spy._ I think my point was that if the thick people who post on that internet forum like some audiovisual media, it must be bad. But I'm not sure what I'd noticed they've enjoyed watching recently.

- Weeks ago I decided to burnish some Blu-Ray discs with some video content. DVDs would have been easier – I already own a DVD burning peripheral, and there's an adequate ecosystem of software for doing stuff with DVDs – but this content was too long to fit comfortably on DVDs, so I incurred various bother and expenses and ended up with three discs that wouldn't play. Well, it turns out that yer da's Blu-Ray player these days can usually play discs with MP4 files on them, which if you know makes things much easier – no need to mess around with complicated stuff, and you can fit many more hours onto a disc that way.
