---
layout: post
title: "Week 118: shoe power user"
date: 2021-06-21 00:59:00 +0100
---

- They've finished building some more flats near here,
  and I've dutifully added them to OpenStreetMap.
  And now they've turned their attentions to the last bit of brownfield site,
  the diggers are a-digging, and I can't tell if they're building another
  building or just a piazza/car park.
  (I have above-average skills at using council "planning access" websites,
  but still it's easier just to wait and see.)
  Anyway,
  the presence of an "unexploded ordnance" rigid truck near one's front door may be a bit alarming,
  but that sort of thing is just a precaution, right?
  Cool story.

- Watched some minutes of that new television news channel for shits.
  This is way beside the point,
  but oh the presenters are such creepy and weird looking people.
  And people love that sort of thing, so perhaps it's going to be a measured success after all.

- It’s been wet.
  I bicycled for a couple of hours in the drizzle,
  which of course was worthwhile,
  both intrinsically
  and in order to spend a weekend in the company of some relations.
  But I do regret
  not making better use of the waterproof footwear and clothes I own.
  ([The supposedly water repellent Allbirds shoes](https://www.allbirds.co.uk/products/mens-wool-runner-mizzles-true-black)
  leave my feet disappointingly wet,
  especially now one shoe looks so fally-aparty.
  But maybe I am a shoe power user and expecting too much of them.)

  Apart from anything else,
  good to have some kind of silly little holiday and breathe some even fresher air.
  And it turns out that the birds who make such a din at the crack of dawn
  aren't such an imposition if you're very deeply sleepy (or the window is closed).

- It occurred to me that these days we have the Declans Rice and Curry,
  in addition to the Tims Rice and Curry.
  (Declan Curry is a former BBC journalist,
  and the others have more extensive IMDb profiles
  so possibly need less introduction,
  although to be honest I’m not au fait with either of the four men’s ouvres.)
  [Searching Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=declan%20tim%20rice%20curry)
  confirms again that there’s no such thing as an original thought,
  but also makes me feel less alone,
  especially considering all the normal people
  who don’t tweet these things that occur to them.

