---
layout: post
title: "Week 116"
date: 2021-06-07 23:59:00 +0100
---

- Woke to a stonking headache, quite different to and less usual than a hangover.
  Some people get these things often, and they have my sympathy, but actually by having them all the while they get to get used to it.

  If I tended to wake sensibly early, I'd have felt it earlier and gulped some water before it got really bad, but I don't.
  "Well, I'll really appreciate this being over when it's over," I thought, but I didn't really.

- I've been listening to [<cite>The <cite>The One Show</cite> Show</cite>](https://play.acast.com/s/thetheoneshowshow), lots of episodes in quick succession starting from the first.
  Maybe they're a bit too pleased with themselves about what what a crazy idea they had, making an <cite>Obsessed With…</cite> style programme about a programme one wouldn't think of making such a programme about, but maybe they have every right to be.

- It's been quite warm.
  On the bicycle I went to see some relations,
  with the novelty of staying the night instead of pedalling there and back in short succession.
  Having not slept in the countryside for a while, I'd forgotten what a racket the birds make – I
  didn't fall asleep quickly, and the ruddy dawn chorus had started up by the time I managed to.

  The return journey coincided with an organised "cycle event",
  so there were lots of all-the-gear-and-some-idea folks whizzing about,
  coming the other way or overtaking me and complimenting my shorts.
  (I am going to get some better shorts, because the shorts of choice,
  although they are are natty and more modesty-preserving than cycling shorts, 
  are really swimming shorts and are insufficiently stretchy.)

- The 114th and 115th weeknoteses here were mistitled weeks 124 and 125 respectively.
  (Like some kind of Dominic Cummings, I've gone back and quietly corrected them now.)
  And no one mentioned it, which is comforting.
