---
layout: post
title: "Week 142"
date: 2021-12-06 22:18:00 +0000
---

- To the cinema again. <cite>No Time to Die</cite>. A smaller joy, and a greater amount of boringness.
  That Jimbo Bond is a berk with scant regard for railway bylaws,
  and for a while I was hoping he would die,
  but he won me round by briefly driving an old Toyota Land Cruiser like what salt-of-the-earth farmers do,
  while all the baddies drove the sort of Land Rovers you see outside a posh school.

- To Essex for [the Ensignbus Heritage Running Day](https://twitter.com/EBRunningDay) which was fun. Great thanks and congratulations to everyone involved.
  Never seen so many mostly men crowded onto roundabouts and grassy knolls to take pictures.

  I could have carefully formulated a plan to passenge on maximally interesting vehicles, but I didn't, and such a plan would have been scuppered by my missing the early train.
  Still, got to see some bits of Essex and Kent I'd never seen before, and even had a ride on [a ferry](https://bustimes.org/services/town-pier-west-st-tilbury-ferry-terminal), which was more than enough joy.

- Got some goat milk for splishing in tea. The carton boasts that most people can't taste the difference between it and normal cow milk,
  which is interesting – they're focusing on some possibly dubious claims that it's healthier, but for me the appeal is that it tastes a bit different.
  Or maybe not – the goat milk I got happened to be fattier than the cow milk I'm used to (although semi- and skimmed versions are also available) so it's not a fair test at all.
