---
layout: post
title: "Week 129"
date: 2021-09-06 22:20:00 +0100
---

- 🚄 Train back from Edinburgh.
  I found myself thinking what an almost shame it was that trains were so punctual these days and there was so seldom the opportunity to do a "delay repay" claim.
  Then there were some overhead line problems! But I'd forgotten that the longer-distance operating companies pay nothing for a delay of less than half an hour, so never mind.

- 🚍 Say, did you have a good LateSummerBankHolidayNotScotland?

  The week before English schools "go back" is busy – it needn't be that busy for me,
  as I sit and let the website update itself,
  but I try to do my bit as if to justify the extra money resulting from extra website traffic.
  And the state of open bus timetable data still isn't good enough – it's better than it was last year, and it'll get better still, but ugh.
  Especially "First West of England", who I'm unfairly singling out but I'd quite like to jettison from the database. And aren't Bath and Bristol all posh and smug, all because they invented baths and the Bristol stool chart? 

  As well as everything else I made big progress with [gtfs.bustimes.org](https://gtfs.bustimes.org/), which is a semi-pointless sort of self-pastiche.

- I walked innocently past a construction site, and an alarm blared and a Northern Irish voice said my presence had been detected and something something police.
  I returned a few days later and approached with a camera ready to record, but it would not be goaded; never mind, [here's a news story](https://www.reddit.com/r/northernireland/comments/oz4vla/hs2_motion_detector_with_northern_irish_accent/)
  about a cockapoo walker furious with the same model of intruder detection system barking the same pre-recorded message which you can hear if you can click through to the video.
  I wasn't so much furious as amused; it's a bit like the alleged [anti-theft measures of electric scooters](https://twitter.com/nickciarelli/status/1157338314447319041).
