---
layout: post
title: "Week 153"
date: 2022-02-21 15:24:00 +0000
---

- Remember Jason Lee? That was this week. When his fake news broke about the death of the Queen, I was in a Wetherspoon – an unusual thing for me to be, but yes I'm a clart for going there in the face of literally a hundred alternatives – where I thought about ordering a plate of two slices of black pudding, which apparently they do now, and why not, but in the end I didn’t.

- Some work.

  - The Bus Open Data Service had a two-day-long whoopsie, which would make me and any other apps (?) using that look bad. “As an empath”, #HugOps, etc. All forgotten now.
    Someone nosy could file a freedom of information request to find out the details of what happened, but I’m not doing that.

  - The city of Lviv has a most excellent bunch of GTFS feeds: `http://track.ua-gis.com/gtfs/lviv/{static.zip,​vehicle_position,​trip_updates}`,
     and there’s at least one great local app developed by a locally knowledgeable person using that data. I had a little noodle with it, just to pointlessly satisfy my own intellectual curiosity, and that was OK.

   - Sat down to rebuild a Docker image one evening, and suddenly found myself adjusting the limit screws of my bicycle derailleur, which is a bit like the experience of having ADHD I imagine?
     Anyway, I still accidentally yanked the chain off with a forceful downshift, so I need to turn the little screw a little bit more, cool story.

- Small joy: had the perfect number of bananas for a banana cake (sometimes referred to as bread) and it was good, a bit dense near the bottom but good.
