---
layout: post
title: "Week 132"
date: 2021-09-27 15:00:00 +0100
---

- Spent some time callousing my hands improving the condition of the bicycle.
  I was removing rust from things – a mixture of laying in vinegar and rubbing with damp kitchen foil depending on the mood – when it occurred to me that shinier things are probably more attractive to thieves, so I stopped. Then after much fighting with some dropout screws to stop a tyre rubbing against the frame, took it to the local bike shop for a glow-up – I might have waited until the actual winter, when mechanics should be less busy, but at least it's no longer the height of summer, and there's a few days of rain ahead.

- Listened to a recording of [Russell Brand's penultimate Radio 2 programme](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Russell_Brand_Show_prank_calls_row), ahead of incredibly the thirteenth anniversary of all that.
  (Thanks [Fourble](https://fourble.co.uk/podcast/russellbrand).) It _is_ like listening to two idiots dancing towards a canyon. Some things I found mildly interesting:

  - The reason they telephoned Andrew Sachs was to interview him about <cite>The Bill Made Me Famous</cite>, a documentary about the police drama which I have never seen, and which Andrew Sachs is not famous for appearing in so that's a bit strange.

  - At one point in the show it is revealed that Steve Wright, the Radio 2 DJ whose work I've never heard, does his own dentistry.

  Anyway, after that of course Brand and Jonathan Ross never worked again which was a shame.

- My foot/ankle started hurting a bit again. Hard to pinpoint exactly where it hurts because everything is connected – I think the ankle hurting made me walk differently, which put unusual strain on a bit of the foot, which made that hurt instead, and so on. But I'm grateful that it's not that bad after a few days of rest, and I had enjoyed several months of it all feeling perfectly normal.

- Got a little ear infection, which I thought mainly affected children and animals but I don't think I'm either. It was really quite uncomfortable for a while. Woe unto me.
