---
layout: post
title: "Week 101"
date: 2021-02-21 23:59:00 +0000
---

- Some things from previous weeks that have so far gone unmentioned:

  - I heard there was [a moral imperative to eat venison](https://twitter.com/dreamboatslim/status/1357677162493575169), so I bought and cooked and ate some.
    Some of which turned out to have come from New Zealand, which I'm not sure there's such a moral imperative to eat, and some of which was sausages cut with cranberry, which I usually avoid (but was OK), and pork, which again there's less moral imperative to eat.
    I see a local butcher sells some cheap and actually local venison and things, so maybe I should go there. Interacting with a meat monger feels a bit intimidating,
    even though I know that in practice they're some of the most cheerful people you'll come across.

  - Something else? I can't remember.

- There are some adverts on commercial radio that get one one's tits.
  For example, I hope smug Timmy, or whatever his name is, chokes on his "finest steak for two".
  He tells us he omits garlic, because "you know what I mean" wink wink nudge nudge, but, as properly cooked garlic is actually neutral to fragrant and doesn't preclude canoodling, either the lad (who I hope is fictional, because I've just wished an obstructed windpipe on him) doesn't cook garlic properly, or the wink wink nudge nudge is because he's cooking for a vampire.

  I can choose not to listen to that, but then I walk along and find an outdoor advert – not a billboard, the wall of a bus shelter – with the prat's smug face on it.
  There's no escape from a multi-platform advertising campaign, oh dear.

- Something occurred that reminded me of the story about the guy having breafast with Jeff Bezos and Bezos eating some octopus.
  [Turns out](https://www.businessinsider.com/amazon-ceo-jeff-bezos-breakfast-octopus-2017-12) it's not how I remember imagining it –
  Bezos eating the tentacles one by one, the tentacles representing his competitors,
  like [Julius Nicholson eating the onion bhaji](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF3a-DQdDJI&t=4) or something.
  No, Bezos was all,
  "You're the octopus that I'm having for breakfast ... When I look at the menu, you're the thing I don't understand, the thing I've never had. I must have the breakfast octopus"
  (explaining why he bought his breakfast mate's company). And the octopus comes buried under more normal looking elements of the appetising breakfast menu item. 

- Getting jabbed with the vax next week!
  Which is surprisingly quick. I do, technically, have an heart disease –
  one which has so far never caused me any trouble and I could have gone most of my life without finding out about,
  you could even galaxy-brainedly say my heart is normal and everyone else's are weird – so I think that's why the algorithm chose to send me the text message.
  Or maybe there's been another mistake like [the dude who was in the database as being six centimetres tall](https://www.liverpoolecho.co.uk/news/liverpool-news/invited-covid-vaccine-because-nhs-19857990).
  Well, I'm relieved to have had some confirmation that my registration with the GP, some months ago, had been processed,
  and I look forward to standing in line with presumably older and poorlier people and feeling like a bit of a fraud.
