---
layout: post
title: "Week 94: egg initiative"
date: 2021-01-03 22:40:00 +0000
---

- [This amazing investigative journalism about the US bucatini shortage.](https://www.grubstreet.com/2020/12/2020-bucatini-shortage-investigation.html)
  (And [here's a nice radio interview about it.](https://www.npr.org/2021/01/02/952806806/where-is-all-the-bucatini-behind-the-great-2020-shortage?t=1609713949276))
  I'd never heard of bucatini, in fact I was reading it as "bucanti" in my head for a while, but it turns out to be available even here on rainy plague island (sometimes marketed as "bucatini spaghetti"). I look forward to having some.

  I was going to take this opportunity to explete some rage about how fusilli (sometimes known as rotini) is the bestselling and most widely available type of dried pasta, and what a shame that is. But it's OK.

- I did a long bicycle ride – it started off sunny enough to tempt me out, then turned chilly which was a good motivation to keep moving to get home, cool story.

   Towards the end, I went a-slippery-slide on a manhole cover. I managed to regain my balance by freewheeling across to the other side of the road, crossing the path of oncoming motor cars who where, fortunately, twenty seconds away – but still I'd been seconds away from getting squashed by a car and occupying a hospital space at a time when they're in especially short supply.

   I wondered if I'd feel some kind of chilling pang whenever I passed the manhole cover again, and the answer is no. I haven't touched a bicycle since, but that's mainly about resting my sore bum again. 

- Happy new year. Some enthusiasts of the Gregorian calendar set, or is it let, off fireworks in the car park outside, which was pretty.

- I was just watching <cite>Seinfeld</cite>, in which Jerome says what sounds like "egg initiative" but is in fact "air conditioner".
  Now, if cared more I would call back to things I'd mentioned earlier, like how I bought some duck eggs (because apparently I want to be [like Willie Harcourt-Cooze](https://www.reddit.com/r/offmenupodcast/comments/kjt118/ed_and_james_and_willie_and_joes_perfect/)) and found the shells quite difficult to crack (I know about using a flat surface), or how I accidentally broke the shells of two of the eggs I bought from farms I'd come across on the bicycle ride (because of careless pannier packing). But I didn't mention them earlier. ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯.

- Filed my last ever EC sales list. It was never exactly onerous, in fact it couldn't be less onerous, and it was a quarterly treat to receive a free licky brown envelope with which I could do as I please (as I always filed online). May that be my first tangible ramification of breakfast.
