---
layout: post
title: "Week 110"
date: 2021-04-25 21:14:00 +0100
---

- Went on a bus – the first motor vehicle I've touched in 2021 – to a market town, "just to feel something" as they say on the internet.
  It was quite fine. Spent some time walking around looking for an open public loo, and it was richly rewarding to eventually find one with some splendid shiny blue tiles.

- I've not felt like doing very much work, so I haven't, and that's great – like a holiday.

  I did some work on [recreating some of bustimes.org](https://gtfs.bustimes.org/) using [the new official GTFS data](https://data.bus-data.dft.gov.uk/timetable/download/), and also using [DigitalOcean App Platform](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/app-platform/), which both make things much simpler, but (it's a relief to find) have enough drawbacks that I needn't feel like a mug for not using them.
  (The GTFS is wrong or missing for some of my local bus routes, and stuff. I'm sure it will get better.)

- Saw a relative.
  A disappointing pub lunch was had, in part because the "today's specials" blackboard outside a much better establishment had "tomato soup" written in such faint chalk that I thought it had been rubbed out, maybe it was yesterday's special, so in search of soup we went somewhere worse that really didn't have any soup. Cool story.

- This afternoon, I took a walk, as I almost always do.
  I needed to collect a parcel from a distant Amazon locker, and hoped it would be delivered there in time for me to walk past.
  (In fact, it was delivered a bit later, so I had to double back.)
  I got something sticky on my shoe, and something in my eye, neither of which I've satisfactorily dislodged yet, which I suppose serves me right for daring to go outdoors.
