---
layout: post
title: "Week 95"
date: 2021-01-11 12:59:00 +0000
---

- Wow, has it only been a week?

- I've built up an unprecedented streak of at least ten thousand steps per consecutive day on the [Pedometer++](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/pedometer/id712286167). (Nothing to do with the New Year – the Gregorian calendar holds no sway over me, thank you.)

  After gracefully walking down a hill, I went a-slippery-slide on a muddy grassy knoll, landing on my bum.
  I think it would have been a funny pratfall to see, if I'd been there to see it.

- Had a lot of Turkish grilled meat. I don't think I ordered very well,
  and I wonder if one of the more down-to-earth places without pretensions of calling themselves a restaurant would have been just as good.

- <cite>Snackmasters</cite> (Channel 4) is some adequate entertainment in which acclaimed chefs compete to recreate popular
  industrially produced food (crispy snacks, confectionery, etc).
  Along the way, we get to see inside the factory where the real things are made, but crucially, unlike the BBC's <cite>Inside the Factory</cite>,
  they've realised that's too thin a gruel to be the main focus, and they haven't employed Gregg Wallace.

  - Which reminds me about
    [the video of the Viennetta production line,
    set to "Flatley my dear, I don't Riverdance"](https://twitter.com/yascaoimhin/status/1348034431483863043).
    And [a version from 2016 on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/dailyedge.ie/videos/1235420816497020/)
    – I hesitate to call it original, or scorn the Twitter dude's claims that he couldn't find the original,
    because if it's a video on Facebook then it must've been rudely copied from somewhere else, and time is a flat circle.

- I found myself listening to David Lammy's phone-in programme on LBC,
  which radio station broadcasts hours of unbearably dreadful stuff each day but also some other things.
  Lammy listed some of the latest ways the orange man has disgraced himself this week,
  to which the cockney down the line replied, "well, no-one's perfect," and that was the most I laughed all week.  

- Some work.

  - I did [a tweet](https://twitter.com/bustimes_org/status/1346165636414787584) about an actually-not-really-game-changing new feature,
  which was seen and engaged with more than anything I've tweeted before, mainly because I don't tweet. Well, I will continue to tweet more of that kind of thing.

  - The latest load of lockdown related transport timetable changes is happening, and, thanks to the progress the industry has made, bustimes.org is much more abreast of it all than it was last year, so that's something to celebrate and back-pat about.

  - I want to save money by paying for less server overnight, on Sundays, etc. So I think I'm going to have to learn about Docker and Kubernetes and orchestrating my containerisation layer. 🐳
