---
layout: post
title: "Week 134"
date: 2021-10-11 00:08:00 +0100
---

- More forgotten things from previous weeks:

  - Some unusual motor cars were parked outside the cinema to promote the new Jimmy Bond film, which I haven't seen but would probably enjoy.
    There was a lorry nearby with an <span class="caps">Aston Martin</span> branded trailer,
    by which some of the cars must have been delivered, which beats driving them all individually.
    Maybe the lorry driver could have been redeployed to deliver more important things,
    but I suppose it would be somehow bad for the economy if there weren't cars parked outside the cinema to somehow encourage more people to watch a charismatic philandering alcoholic facing various peril.

- Down by the river I spotted the travel expert Simon Calder standing there with his laptop balanced on a bin.
  It’s not obvious that you can balance anything on one of those bins, but this was a double-width one with separate chambers for recyclables and general waste and therefore a bigger flatter surface.
  I think Calder travels around all the time with minimal luggage and working from wherever he lays his computer,
  which is inspirational, and what’s stopping me doing more of the same kind of thing?

- Finally sought medical attention about my sore ear,
  after dillying and dallying because each time I thought I must seek medical attention I would then change my mind when the ear stopped being sore for a bit.
  I sought, and I found, and was prescribed my first prescription since I was was a tiny child,
  and somehow I knew what to do (take a piece of paper to a pharmacy and exchange it and some money for a tiny bottle) and by jingo the marvellous modern medicine works,
  which is a great relief and my thanks to everyone involved.
