---
layout: post
title: "Week 137: they saw me coming"
date: 2021-11-01 09:43:00 +0000
---

- There's an advert (on the sort of television you can watch on the computer)
  for the <cite>Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy</cite> computer game,
  which begins with a guy saying "we're the guardians of the galaxy!", a titular line, which tickled me enough to write it down here.
  But I've no urge to investigate further.
  I know a guardian is a centre-left thing to the left of an observer, and a galaxy is likewise something.

- I appear to be making an (iOS) app,
  an endeavour I started some time ago (maybe last year) but lost interest until this week,
  and in a major breakthrough I've gone from frustratedly not knowing what I'm doing to understanding some things and thinking it's really quite easy actually.
  Of course it's all downhill from here, by which I mean an uphill struggle, you know, realising that no it's actually quite difficult after all.

  SwiftUI seems quite nice. Since last year, it has a map component that can display a number of things on a map.
  But I think I need to break out UIKit to do things like drawing lines on a map,
  and drawing lots of things without it going all slow.

- Went on the bicycle to take an inkjet printer to the dump/tip/household waste recycling centre,
  but was confounded by some of the off-road route being closed, so had a circular squelch in a soggy field beside a river,
  and well those trainers probably needed cleaning anyway.
  The HWRC will still be open next week.

- Went to the Apple shop to get some fluff removed from a phone's Lightning port.
  I'd tried removing fluff myself, and concluded that something deeper and more fundamental must be broken,
  but it took the bright lights of the shop, and the expertise of a Certified Support Professional to remove it fully. 

  Glanced at their new laptop computers, one of which I'd ordered last week.
  Maybe I chose the wrong size – the smaller would be more portable but, it turns out, not much lighter
  – and maybe I'm a fool for waiting weeks for the "just right" specification to come from the factory, instead of one of the more/less expensive ones they keep in stock. I'm definitely a fool for, most ashamedly, getting the £19 ($19) polishing cloth (the bit of my order that has arrived) – they saw me coming.
