---
layout: post
title: "Week 133"
date: 2021-10-04 21:57:00 +0100
---

- To London.

  - Went there on an National Express coach.
    I have some complaints about the booking process,
    and the ticket which is a cluttered A4 PDF which led me to discover my little inkjet printer is starting to pine for the fjords, which wasn't a problem because pinching to zoom and having the driver squint at one's phone screen is OK, but how much nicer would be a proper "mobile ticket" like you get on trains. (Now I discover [there's an app](https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/national-express-coach/id703003923), which allegedly supports adding a ticket to Apple Wallet. So I'll use that next time.)

  - Attended a recording of the tolerable Radio 4 parlour game, <cite>The Unbelievable Truth</cite>.
    What fun to see how the radio sausage is made, in a theatre full of Radio 4 listeners and/or enthusiasts of free entertainment. Would attend again.

  - Bought a reduced-for-quick-sale packaged sandwich which happened to be gluten-free, and what a horrible sandwich it was, such bread.
    I'll never take gluten for granted again.

- I can't think of much else of interest from this week, so what about things from months ago I forgot to mention on here at the time.

  For example. Watched an old (not that old) [documentary about Nigel, owner of the number plate N2 GEL, and his nemesis Nigel, owner of the number plate N1 GEL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b052WtVvio). What silly men, I thought, and completely different to my thoughts about about whoever owns jo.sh from Saint Helena, and josh.ua from Ukraine, and another domain name earmarked for some project or other that I foolishly let expire this year.

- Flu jabbed.
