---
layout: post
title: "Week 128: tomato juice"
date: 2021-08-30 16:33:00 +0100
---

- The shortage of heavy goods vehicle drivers (and consequently some food and drink), eh? I went to buy some tomato juice, but the shelf of cartons of the cheap salty from-concentrate kind was bare. So I sighed and got a more expensive bottle, which I don’t think is as tasty. But it turns out that I was wrong, and the tory “spiced” juice is excellent after all.

- Google Maps is imperfect, so sometimes drivers of light goods vehicles (ven) ask me where somewhere is and I get to tell them, which is satisfying, but it would be better if it were better. Anyway, I’m more fond of OpenStreetMap, which a concerned user has the power to change. (I know one can _suggest_ edits to Google Maps too, but pfft.)

  There are some new buildings around here, which I've added to OpenStreetMap, and I've marked the non-obvious entrance of this building, and there are some new roads I want to add (but it's a bit difficult). All of which are even more satisfying, and might make those delivery drivers’ jobs a tad easier, although I suspect their robot GPS bosses mostly don’t use OSM.

- Went to Edinburgh. Excellent.

  I was going to bring my bicycle, but there are disconcerting stories about the hassle of booking a bike onto the train, and the handlebars banging into the emergency 🛑 button. And anyway, I had a flat tyre – an inner tube seemingly full of water, or was it some kind of special glue intended to automatically seal any puncture?

  So I hired one of them Brompton folding bicycles from Peterborough station. I’ve tried before – they text you some digits to enter into a keypad, and I’d never got past the stage of the keypad beeping to say “you did it wrong you stupid human”. But this time I tried again and again, and by the time I was almost late for the train a little door unlocked for me to lift out an entire bicycle contorted to the size of a small suitcase.

  Apart from anything else, it meant I had something to sit on in the vestibule for the first few hours of the journey until a proper seat became free. And it’s quite a fun bicycle – you can’t help but smile and laugh when you see a grown adult pedalling furiously on a silly little-wheeled contraption, and it’s nice to spread smiles and laughter.
