---
layout: post
title: "Week 138"
date: 2021-11-07 17:12:00 +0000
---

- Again on the bicycle to recycle the ex printer, and was successful.
  On the way back, picked up some Albert Bartlett Rooster potatoes who'd fallen off of a tractor trailer.
  Cool story.

  It's a recently opened dump, and not really accessible to pedestrians, but it's nice that bicycles are welcome.
  Apple Maps, Google Maps and OpenStreetMap were variously confused about where it was,
  which, as well as an unusual number of encounters with delivery workers wandering lost
  around recently built blocks of flats, kickstarted a flurry of editing OpenStreetMap, which is a satisfying thing to do. And that inspired me to do some stuff with [the Ordnance Survey Open Names data](https://www.ordnancesurvey.co.uk/business-government/products/open-map-names), and what a delight it is to see the names of all the woodlands or a map of every heliport in Great Britain.

- Finally used [the litter picker upperer](https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B079RLQCPQ?tag=joshgood-21)
  (an ostentatiously deluxe one) I bought a while ago.
  It happened to be the global day of climate crisis action,
  and I know litter is chutney in comparison to the actual problem of climate change,
  but please permit me some smugness even though I seem to be mainly concerned about rat obesity.

- Passenged on some buses.
  On one occasion, a week or so ago, the nationwide driver shortage was palpable as I stood in a queue beside a retail park, squinting at a broken solar powered display board – which gave me some ideas about how to improve bustimes.org, which is sort of the point. Highlights of this week's journeys include glaring at a van driver who parked (only briefly, to his credit) at the bus stop I was waiting at, and getting precisely wet cos it was raining outside and the window in front of me was open for antiviral reasons.

- Not quite got the hang of this winter – once or twice I've overestimated the temperature and gone out without a coat, which wasn't too bad actually.
