---
layout: post
title: "Week 171: novel"
date: 2022-06-26 00:00:00 +0100
---

- Found two unused lateral flow tests in the chest of drawers.
  The first one, I clumsily spilt the buffer solution on the table; the second, I tested positive for the novel coronavirus, which is not so novel any more (late to the party as ever).

  Oh well, quite good timing I suppose, hadn't made any plans so didn't have to cancel any.
  There's no law against going out and infecting people these days, but I didn't feel like going anywhere.
  And after a just a few days I stopped coughing and started feeling better, what a lucky fellow I am.

  Got a newer digital watch that can measure one's blood oxygen level, and was reassured that my blood is full of oxygen. Technology! Not knowing my normal blood oxygen level as a baseline, I didn't find it that useful actually, but ... the screen's a bit bigger than the old one.

- Noises! Thought a neighbour had a noisy washing machine, until I realised it was a pair of Chinooks flying overhead. Then, some cockneys who'd hired a boat and moored it outside were running the boat engine overnight, the money saving mindset too ingrained to countenance paying for an electric hookup at the yacht station half a mile upstream.
  These are just observations, not complaints – I slept soundly.

- 📺 <cite>Sherwood</cite> is quite affecting. Yes, I too was expecting a biopic of Tim Sherwood, but it's something else altogether, at least he hasn't turned up yet, ha ha.

- 📻 A few great calls in the last hour of Saturday's Allan Beswick radio programme (moon dust, jigsaw puzzles), but then a racist child phoned up and blurted out some hate speech – that's what happens when you have austerity and close all the youth clubs – so it's not available for listening again on the BBC Sounds.

- 😞
