---
layout: post
title: "Week 180: locksmiths don’t want you to know this"
date: 2022-08-29 14:29:00 +0100
---

- Some work. At last, the timetables of services split into pieces to avoid being longer than 50km (like [the excel](https://bustimes.org/services/a-excel-peterborough-wisbech-kings-lynn-swaffham-d), which is registered in five, not four parts as I once claimed) no longer look a terrible mess. Turns out joining the journeys together is actually quite simple, I just had to overcomplicate the problem first.

- 🎦 <cite>Orphan: First Kill</cite>, easily my cultural highlight of the week. It's a bit blurry at the start, a mixture of spooky atmospherics and de-aging and maybe a bad projector, so I briefly thought I was having a funny turn, but the emergency exit signs in the room stayed perfectly in focus. I'd seen [thirty seconds](https://twitter.com/AndyHerren/status/1561794958834663425) beforehand, a great thirty seconds and the resulting bit of deja vu was nice too.

- Weeks ago, the key to the letterbox here snapped in the lock – the lock bunged up after years of rain and dust getting in, and the key having a pronounced weak spot.
  The lock could still be locked and unlocked, and I wasn't worried about someone nicking all the takeaway menus and estate agents' flyers, so I ignored it, continued with my life, until suddenly the lock was stuck locked.

  How to remove a broken key from a lock?
  I half-arsedly tried a dab of superglue on the end of a stick – didn't work.
  Then I sent for a [broken key extractor set](https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B007X08BJW?tag=joshgood-21), and by jingo, it was the work of just a few moments fiddling with one of the tools before the key was out of the hole.
  Locksmiths don't want you to know this one weird trick.

  Got a new key cut – didn't work. But then I tried sellotaping the broken key together, and that did work. And now I've had the lock replaced, and it has a much less flimsy key, and everything is right again. Cool story. 

- I think I'm healed – I can lie on my other side again, and accidentally walked ten miles without any painful consequences.
