---
layout: post
title: "Week 195: get back, lametta"
date: 2022-12-12 12:00:00 +0000
---

- There's something not quite right about the keys on the left-hand side of this laptop keyboard. It's like someone spilt a bit of ginton on them a few months ago, and that's exactly what happened – interesting how long it's taken for it to congeal, or for me to notice. The keys all work, they just feel ineffably wrong, cheap, mushy, compared to their right-hand side cousins. Woe is me.

  Alas it's not one of the [bad keyboards](http://www.wsj.com/graphics/apple-still-hasnt-fixed-its-macbook-keyboard-problem/) covered by Apple's [service program](https://support.apple.com/en-gb/keyboard-service-program-for-mac-notebooks). And the keyboard functionality is not compromised, so involving a professional technician seems like an overreaction. So. Would a slimline tonic have been less sticky? Should I spill distilled water on it now? What exactly is "rubbing alcohol"? Could I get one of the sucky nozzle things dentists use?

- A slightly interesting bus journey. First I attempted a two-minute connection – in ideal conditions I'd have had two minutes to cross a road; in practice, I had an hour to walk around a market town keeping warm until next bus, calming down after the thrilling jeopardy. 

  [The next bus](https://bustimes.org/vehicles/fecs-66976?date=2022-12-06#journeys/348560513) was running early. At one point the driver paused for time to catch up, but it was a narrow road with cars parked on the other side and a horn-honking man in a Honda Jazz grew impatient with the blockage created. Later, as we approached a stop, I noticed someone running up a side street, and the vibe they gave off was that they were running for the bus. We stopped at the stop, a man got on carrying a folded Brompton, and very efficiently he had a ticket ready on his mobile telephone, how selfish – better to take your time fumbling with coins in case someone's running late behind you.

  A better man would have made a scene, got the driver to wait a moment, but I am not a better man. Oh well, maybe the Brompton man was fleeing from the running person – maybe even had stolen their Brompton, in which case good luck to him. Then later, we spent 20 minutes in an interminable traffic jam – roadworks, they're building a new bus lane – and I thought thank goodness I'd not delayed us any further. Cool story.

- Only a dusting of snow here. The main thing is the pretty frozen cobwebs everywhere, how odd that I don't remember noticing them during previous cold snaps.

  At this magical time of year, starting to think about festooning the weeping fig with lametta etc.
  Turns out the plant is actually [three plants in one pot](https://www.gardeningknowhow.com/houseplants/ficus/ficus-division.htm), a cruel trick played by the shops to give the illusion of a healthy bushy plant. I think they would thrive more vigorously in their own separate pots, but how to separate them without damaging the roots?

Have a nice week.
