---
layout: post
title: "Week 176: handle like eggs"
date: 2022-07-31 22:00:00 +0100
---

- Found my jumper. Some people say “it’s always the last place you look” is the sort of pointless truism only a boring moron would trot out, but it’s true! 

- You know the "net promoter score", where folks ask questions to which the answer is either "I need you to understand that people don't have conversations where they randomly recommend [East Midlands Trains] to each other", or "very likely [not really, but I don't want the poor employees to get in trouble]."

  But [I search Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=bustimes.org&f=live) and actually people are randomly recommending bustimes.org to people. I could say something mean-spirited about it but I won't – people find something useful, and want to share the useful thing, which is lovely.

- As I was walking past Tesco Express, a lady laden with bags toppled over, oh no. I hesitated until someone else approached to help her up, and I'm afraid I just scurried away like I had somewhere important to be. (Thinking back to the fainting TalkTV political editor, of course [I’d’ve run over to help if I was a mum like Liz Truss](https://brokenbottleboy.substack.com/p/the-zapruder-film-presented-by-talktv#:~:text=Liz%E2%80%99s%20instinct%20to%20run%20towards%20the%20disaster%20did%20her%20credit%2C%20a%20reminder%20that%20whatever%20her%20job%2C%20she%20is%20first%20and%20foremost%20a%20mum).)

  Just hours later, I was bicycling along when suddenly the right handlebar snapped clean off and I landed cross-legged on the ground, bruised and grazed, sand in my mouth and my jumper torn. Oh what instant karma. Motor cars motored past, as it probably looked like I was meditating on the grass verge, but one did stop and kindly check I was OK, which I was after a fashion, and I gingerly pedalled home sort of one-handedly.

  It was the old old bicycle, by the way. Who knows how old the handlebars were, and maybe whoever fitted them didn't use a torque wrench, putting untold strain on the metal by over-tightening.

  I'm sure you don't want to hear about my swollen purple bum – I should have been quicker to sit on a bag of frozen brussels sprouts – woe unto me. What must the neighbours think of the moaning each time I get up or sit down or lean over in bed to reach a cup of tea.

- 🎦 In <cite>The Living Daylights</cite>, Timmy Dalton says “it must have scared <cite>The Living Daylights</cite> (1987) out of her”. There's a box of fragile cargo marked "handle like eggs", which apparently is a thing and is also written on something in <cite>Thunderball</cite>, which I'll have to keep an eye on ITV4 for.

  I had a tin of zesty pop to drink during <cite>Licence to Kill</cite>, so I waited for someone to open a can on-screen so I could open mine at the same time without the noise disturbing anyone. But there are no ring-pulls in the film. Bond orders a bottle of Budweiser with a lime, but he doesn't get to drink it.

- Sure you've already heard Nathan Fielder's (from off of <cite>Nathan For You</cite>) <cite>The Rehearsal</cite> is something. The second episode was underwhelming, but after the third I feel silly for having had any doubts. There's a New Zealandish torrent search engine that seems better than the famous Swedish one, I don't know what everyone else uses these days.

- I call women's football "football" and men's football "men's football". 👅
