---
layout: post
title: "Week 192: Fisherman’s Friend"
date: 2022-11-20 23:59:59 +0000
---

- Maybe some you've noticed some new CAPTCHAs have "dropped" (landed) in the usual places you encounter them.
  No more training self-driving cars – I'm optimistic that I've identified my last fire hydrant, bus, bloody _crosswalk_.
  They've taken a whimsical turn: identify the chicken on the beach, hedgehog in a bowl, is it a dolphin in a bathtub?

- Had some kind of cold or flu, and I'd've preferred not to, a bit disappointed by my immune system really.
  But I'm through the worst of the mucus and coughing and earache now. Fisherman’s Friends, the tooth-rotting Lancastrian mentholated lozenges, have been a great help. (And the usual paracetamol and water etc.)

  That Vicks Sinex nasal spray [advert](https://twitter.com/hansmollman/status/1587889614488064001) showing a courtroom where a criminal is sentenced to have a blocked nose for some weeks, a bit like being sentenced to be someone's butler. It's ridiculous because the judge uses a gavel, but we don't use any ceremonial mallets in our legal system here do we? They're the preserve of auctioneers.

- Fibre to the premises! I'd been enjoying the 5G router lifestyle, but then there'd been some days of important maintenance, during which the connection was poor, and which are not the sort of thing they deign to warn you about beforehand. And fibre, bowels, poo, ha ha.

  The Openreach fellow drilled some holes, and very tactfully pointed out I was trying to plug in an RJ11 cable instead of an RJ45 one. So far I'm pleased with Andrews & Arnold, their plain text emails, their old-fashioned-in-the-best-possible-way web interface, and the detailed graphs they provide. IPv6 didn’t work immediately until I followed [some instructions](https://support.aa.net.uk/DGA0122_No_IPv6).

- 🎦 <cite>Barbarian</cite> is adequately scary and some other things. Inevitably, some say they can't relate to the characters' gung-ho-ness in going down dark spooky corridors. _I_ would simply not use Airbnb, having absorbed all the anti-them propaganda when I worked in a smaller cuddlier bit of the self-catering accommodation industry.

- <cite>In Bruges</cite> is a jolly Christmas film.

