---
layout: post
title: "Week 187: recognising things"
date: 2022-10-16 11:39:00 +0000
---

- Some work:

  - A lot of fiddly-fart-arsing, trying to make a GitHub Actions workflow better and faster –
    so far I've made it slower and less reliable, but that's progress.
    All the different nouns involved are a bit confusing –
    Actions actions and  workflows and steps and jobs –
    and also I realise I've never properly learned YAML,
    just muddled along forever inferring the syntax from examples,
    but turns out the rules are written down somewhere.

  - The `Description`s in TransXChange files are sometimes bad.
    Sometimes they're orthographically weird,
    sometimes the `OutboundDescription` and  `InboundDescription` or `Origin` and  `Destination` are the wrong way round.
    There's a case for ignoring them and generating nice consistent ones, but I don't. So people would helpfully report the wrong-way-round errors – "there's a [St Helens to Liverpool](https://bustimes.org/services/10a-liverpool-one-bus-station-corporation-street-h) timetable under the heading 'Liverpool to St Helens', you idiot, don't you know they're different places?" – and I'd be unfairly annoyed, I know they're just trying to help.
    Well now I've finally fixed it again so the descriptions are automatically swapped to the correct orientation – the things you can make computers do these days! – so that's good.

- Really fancied some soup, not sure why.

- Finished watching <cite>This England</cite> ([mentioned previously](/2022/08/week-179)) last week. (There’d been an advert for it at the cinema, after the trailers, around the point where for a while [Nicole Kidman would say “somehow, heartbreak feels good in a place like this.”](https://twitter.com/davidmackau/status/1565781474288214016)) It would be terribly meltily centrist to conclude, from how some reviews called it a hatchet job and some others said it was oversympathetic nonsense, that it must actually be just right – so don't. Anyway, there's a bit where Aylsham doubles as a flooded town in Derbyshire, and I was pleased with how good I was at identifying a Norfolk market town.

- 🎦 <cite>Amsterdam</cite> (2022). There's a lot to it. A bit of wondering _is that Taylor Swift?_ (it was – I'm so good at recognising things) but that's just the start.

- 🩼 Flu jabbed. The venue was Carrow Road, next to where besuited football men were arriving for some kind of catered reception before travelling to Watford I suppose. Almost the makings of a <span class="caps">Hennimore!</span> sort of farce where slightly clinically vulnerable people have to go in the football team? Darren Huckerby arrived in his motor car as I was leaving, personalised number plate in case he forgets his name, it's a Jaguar with what looked like naff aftermarket modifications but might just be the factory-fitted options they offer these days, there's no accounting for taste.

- The YouTube channel <cite>High Peak Autos</cite>.
  It's a second-hand car dealer who we see inspecting a used car which is then cleaned and sometimes repaired and sold for a profit – a tale as old as time.
  I wouldn't say the presenter is "my Zoella" – he's a flash git who occasionally says something outrageous (addressing a recessed bit of the Citroën C3 Picasso dashboard assembly, “I always thought that these things here looked like soap dishes, which is ironic with a C3 Picasso because most C3 Picasso owners wouldn’t know what soap is”) but also has a point about the merits of keeping an old gas-guzzler on the road versus manufacturing a whole new electric luxury car.
  Still, some of the best episodes are where it all goes wrong and he loses money, a bit like in <cite>Homes Under The Hammer</cite> where a heroic planning enforcement officer foils a would-be slumlord's plan.
