---
layout: post
title: "Week 157"
date: 2022-03-21 11:56:00 +0000
---

- Saharan dust eh?
  The amazing abseiling window cleaners, who are disappointingly [neither giraffe, pelican, nor monkey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Giraffe_and_the_Pelly_and_Me), came to work on the building here exactly a day before the winds blew, and now the glass and shiny surfaces are dirtier than they were before, woe unto us. Also, my jacket’s been anointed with a reddish tint, which looks rather fetching actually. 

  (There are some swathes of glass that the abseilers don't touch, for which I am responsible, and I'm sort of OK now at achieving a streak-free finish with a sponge, a squeegee and bucket of mysterious water. But it's difficult, and the professional window cleaners deserve maximum respect.)

- Some work, mainly on Sunday evening.

  Earlier, I think during a restorative bike ride, I'd remembered that "real artists ship." So now, at last, a growing number of bus services suddenly have fare tables easily accessible on bustimes.org. It's not much, and there are definitely friendlier ways of presenting the data (see [the more ambitious version of the feature from more than a year ago](https://twitter.com/darloscott/status/1349697835713912833)), but it's literally better than nothing. And "shame driven development" is a thing – I think having people using a thing acts as an incentive to keep making it better.

- Going and doing and seeing things.

  I was going to go and see a live performance, but the performer contracted the novel coronavirus, so that didn't happen.

  Went (physically) to a _Web3 meetup_.
  It was more self-aware and less amusingly cringey than expected, but ... still, obviously, I have no immediate plans to mint any tokens or anything like that.
  I have some thoughts I might collect later. Above all, it was a chance to stand in a room of people and exposed pipework amid networking opportunities, which ... you know.

  Last week I went and played some board games with some strangers. James Acaster does something similar in <cite>James Acaster’s Classic Scrapes</cite>; pleased to say the vibe here was friendlier, more inviting. Would I go again? Maybe – would going again itself count as a new experience? 

- My last/only profound thought about ["pineapple on pizza"](https://twitter.com/wrathofgodbot/status/1503498376083615754 "annoying dating app bio cliché"):
  if I meet a pizza with pineapple on it, it's likely in the context of _free pizza_, and free is good, so by extension pineapple must be good too. Maybe.

  On a similar vibe, I have a theory about what makes something acceptable or not to deep-fry, but I'm not ready to share it yet.

- Some content consumed in the past few weeks, in roughly reverse chronological order:

  - [Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy's appearance on <cite>Fortunately...</cite>](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/m0015ltm).
    Rimmer came out with a great sort of Marxian analysis of the history of licensing laws, and did you know he invented pulled pork?

  - [<cite>The Witchfinder</cite>](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p0b6xg9r) (BBC). Such a cast – among others, it was a nice surprise to see alistair green appear briefly.
    Someone complained that it's not densely hilarious, but ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ it's worth persisting with; it's a nice place to be (_burning innocent women_ aside),
    and they went to the trouble of making it so it'd be rude not to watch.

  - [<cite>The Curse</cite>](https://www.channel4.com/programmes/the-curse) (Channel 4). Weird, extraordinary.

  - <cite>Inventing Anna</cite> (Netflix). Crap, but in the way that snuggling up in a big warm heap of manure is probably quite nice?

  Smart people only pay for Netflix one month at a time, but I've accidentally let my subscription renew for another month.
  That's how they get you – it's like what Jeremiah Colman said, "I make my money from the mustard that people throw away on the sides of their plate.”
