---
layout: post
title: "Week 146"
date: 2022-01-03 13:17:00 +0000
---

- And so we say goodbye to 2021.

- On the evening of New Year's Eve, fireworks were going off here and there all evening, people shooting their loads early which was a bit odd but nice to see the pretty colourful lights whizzing about in the sky. And of course they still had enough pops and bangs in reserve for the proper time at midnight. Next year I must walk to the top of a hill to get a proper view of everything. (Yes the explosive spectacle is obviously horrible for wildlife – I saw some startled geese flying away in horror – and I don't condone it, but might as well watch and try to enjoy it.)

- When I write these things I have to type the date in ISO 8601 format. This time it took me three goes to get the right date, but that's more my own bleariness than it being actually difficult. It's silly because the computer already knows what date it is, and in fact it turns out that I could use [jekyll-compose](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-compose) to make the computer do it for me.

  It took a few weeks to be bothered enough to get [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to work on this new computer, and every time I think maybe I'd be happier using something else. But at what cost?

- Got a new (actually quite old, almost mint condition, needlessly period-appropriate) pair of bicycle mudguards.
  I received them last week, and could immediately reuse the tremendous profusion of bubble wrap they came wrapped in. I only needed to replace the front mudguard, which was broken, and now I have, and after a lot of poking and prodding this way and that it no longer rubs noisily against the front wheel, although a certain amount of rubbing is actually good for alerting folks walking along that you're coming behind them. Cool story.

- 📺

  - Bit weird how everyone – by which I mean just some people, not even many of the ones who I follow on Twitter – suddenly had seen <cite>Don’t Look Up</cite> and formed one of two strong opinions on it. I watched it, and it’s not a great film, but well maybe we don’t deserve a great film.

  - <cite>The Salisbury Poisonings</cite> was a quality British dramatisation that's recently appeared on Netflix and I feel like a mug for watching on there instead of on the BBC but anyway it was affecting, somehow all the more for already having some idea of people's eventual fates before they were befallen on screen.
