---
layout: post
title: "Week 189: decorative gourd season"
date: 2022-10-31 14:33:00 +0000
---

- To London. Had my nose rubbed in some of the remaining problems with tracking TfL buses on bustimes.org – the destination fields are [still](https://techforum.tfl.gov.uk/t/dft-bus-open-data/1554/18) various kinds of wrong. Strode up Parliament Hill. Then to see Pavement at the Roundhouse, supported by Los Bitchos who were brilliant. Left just slightly early in order to have enough time to make a couple of wrong turns walking between stations while still making the last train with plenty of time, oh how blessed we are to have relatively good trains.

- I don't like to yuck anyone's yum, but oh the state of the sicko perverts who tweet at the poet Ian McMillan asking why he’s not having cheese with [his Christmas cake](https://twitter.com/IMcMillan/status/1586293371357757442). We should celebrate still being a permissive enough society that people who eat digestive biscuits with cheese can do so openly, but I'm afraid I'd rather they kept it within the privacy of their own homes.

- Considering expressing some more extreme opinions. Balsamic vinegar is horrible. Anyone who uses the phrase "ad hominem" is a paedo.

- 📺 <cite>The Elton Musk Show</cite> ([BBC](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/m001d1n9)). You know the thing they do in certain kinds of documentary now, where they show an interviewee getting ready for their interview, coughing, telling the sound engineer what they had for breakfast, having their collar straightened, asking "are we recording?", having a clapperboard clapped in front of them. I was going to call it postmodern but I'm not sure that's right. You'd think it would be a tired trope by now, but I go wild for it every time. Otherwise, it wasn't all that, a bit flattering to Mr Must.

- Charged £350 for some services I rendered. With the addition of 20% VAT, that becomes £420, which is unfortunately close to the sort of thing ol' Musky would think was a great laugh, but I swear in my case it was entirely accidental; if I could reclassify myself as cake to avoid the tax, I would do.

- 🎃  Never feel more like I missed a day at school than on Halloween.
  Fully grown adults dressing up in fancy dress like it’s the most normal thing in the world, like we’re all friends with Jonathan Ross?
  When did this come in? Let me be clear: I fully support it, skellingtons and cobwebs and vegetable carvings, things of that nature, but it’ll never not feel weird.  👻

  The Wikipedia article [It's Decorative Gourd Season, Motherfuckers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/It%27s_Decorative_Gourd_Season,_Motherfuckers) is one of my favourite Wikipedia articles.

- 🎦 So enjoyed <cite>Emily</cite> (2022), which imagines the mental health of Emily Brontë.
  All the uphill running through long grass made me wonder do ticks spread tuberculosis? Ah probably not, and they had long socks on anyway.
