---
layout: post
title: "Week 168"
date: 2022-06-05 22:48:00 +0100
---

- The big bustimes.org news is ... trains.

  If you think such a development is as easy as clicking my heels (or a mouse) and making it so, I've got news for you … actually it sort of was. The railway timetable data just _appeared_ without warning in the London region of [the Traveline data](https://www.travelinedata.org.uk/traveline-open-data/traveline-national-dataset/) (L.zip), amid the existing buses, tubes, etc. I did have to do a bit of work to match the ATCO codes in the timetable data to the ones in NaPTAN

  |             | NaPTAN       | TNDS
  |-------------|--------------|-----
  | Berney Arms | `9100BRNYARM`  | `9100BRNYARM0`
  | Bempton | `9100BEMPTON`  | `9100BEMPTON0`
  | Benfleet | `9100BENFLET`  | `0000BENFLET1`
  | Benfleet | `9100BENFLET`  | `0000BENFLET2`

  and the same for the operator codes

  |              | NOC | TNDS
  |--------------|-----|-----
  | CrossCountry | `XC`| `RailXC`
  | LNER         | `GR`| `RailGR`


  minor discrepancies which I guess they'll fix properly in time. But that was all.

  Of course the data might disappear just as suddenly as it appeared.
  I could go further, add some real-time information and stuff, but that would take actual effort, and there are already a dozen great websites and apps (like Realtime Trains) which only a fool would try to compete with.

  The main ramification is you can log more non-bus journeys to [Busmiles](https://busmiles.uk/), in addition to trams and ferries, if that's the kind of pointless fun you find fun. [RailMiles](http://www.railmiles.me/) is still better if you want to account for the way the tracks are curved and trains don’t go straight between stations like flying crows.

- Predictably, some emails asking me if buses were running as usual on the bank holiday. To which an answer is "I don't know, they're probably on a Sunday (or maybe Saturday) timetable ... I could Google it for you, but so could you." But I'm not complaining, it's always nice to hear from people.

- Proud of the lack of flags or bunting festooned anywhere around the building here. My people!

- Had to drive a motor car, which I can but usually don’t do. Good poets don’t drive cars, but how is that relevant? I’m not a poet. Anyway, big up the Enterprise Car Club, whose app I have some complaints about but otherwise worked well. A few humiliating moments, before I remembered how a clutch works, and thought to push the seat back to make enough room for my legs. No-one beeped their horn at me, no trauma, and oh I was patient and generous when overtaking bicyclists. Now the next time I have to drive a car, whenever it comes, will be less daunting.

- 🎦 <cite>Diamonds Are Forever</cite>. Turns out the Odeons are showing the Bond films just slightly out of sync with the Vues, which is handy, big up capitalism.

  Alas, it's beginning to seem like I might never get to see <cite>Morbius</cite> on a big screen, so much for the summer thereof.
