---
layout: post
title: "Week 159"
date: 2022-04-04 21:43:00 +0100
---

- You know the websites where you can watch hookie streams of live football etc?
  Obviously I don't know them, except to say they're powerful innovators in the field of online advertising – you wouldn't believe the things they can do with popups these days.

  I mention this because you may have noticed the advertising on [bustimes.org](https://bustimes.org) getting [more](https://twitter.com/DoesTransport/status/1507152662181122049) [intrusive](https://twitter.com/ross_see_/status/1509561192708296710). It's been a gradual process, like boiling a frog, or the guy in <cite>The Twits</cite> gluing wafer-thin bits of wood to lengthen the legs of his wife's chair. Anyway, <abbr>IDGAF</abbr>, and I will not stop until the soccer stream wallahs are looking to me for inspiration. Actually, no, I think we've reached the apex, or is it the nadir, and the next phase is probably to get rid of a few of the worse-performing ad slots.

  I clicked on the <cite>Daily Mail</cite> the other day 😱 and they're an innovation powerhouse too – there was an autoplaying video ad that followed you round the page, in which a like a murmuration of smiling fashionable young people somehow made me want to buy some petrochemicals. Inspiring stuff.
 
- Some more work. Improvements and improworsements. Satisfying stuff.

- Been sort of enjoying the horrible rain and sleet showers a bit.
  I've decided my mood is inversely correlated to the weather,
  or just completely untethered to it as if I’m more emotionally complex than a leaf.

- Went and looked at a flat.
  Had some thoughts, but they're boring.
  I know _rich people dithering about what house to buy_ is literally a whole huge category of TV programmes, but still.

- Some things I left the house to see:

  - <cite>Death on the Nile</cite>.
    The [“enough champagne to fill the Nile!”](https://twitter.com/search?q=enough%20champagne%20to%20fill%20the%20nile) bit, obviously the most overpowering bit of the trailer, is less egregious in the full context of the film.
    (Is this a spoiler?) It's weirder that Russell Brand is in it, which took me by surprise. _Is that Russell Brand? Yes, I think it's Russell Brand._

  - [Lou Sanders](https://www.lousanders.com/gigs). Good.
    Supported by Luke McQueen, who was great too – I remember not thinking much of a little Channel 4/internet show he did, but never mind.

- Guy who has only seen the beginning of the first episode of the Branagh <cite>Wallander</cite>,
  seeing a field of oilseed rape: "Getting a lot of <cite>Wallander</cite> vibes from this."

